It's being.
OK.
You.
Mm-hmm.
It must be.
Yeah, which is not doesn't say a lot,
really. You know what I mean?
Switching direction and ability.
Coming through.
I have for three. Okay.
It's talking so many things.
So.
OK.
Yes.
That and sweetness, including caffeine.
Used to be why would they put caffeine
tiny about alcohol as well.
It's such a tiny amount that they have to
declare because it wasn't going to.
There's a backlash from the population.
Yeah, and people that don't want to agree.
So they took it,
but there there recently a social group.
There's only about five people at the
very top line group who know what it is
something else and the royal family can
never travelled together.
Yeah, yeah, because somebody.
Yeah, he's.
2.
OK.
Mhm.
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
2.
OK.
So.
Sure.
OK.
OK.
So.
OK.
Yeah.
It's me.
It's fine.
And then containers, everyone's going,
it's like, yeah, people,
that's why apart from this, I think it's.
We talked to you in a few weeks.
Anybody can talk to mushrooms, so.
So what was where the change?
Sign the sign on the sides.
Entitle the month.
It's not going down several times.
So it's six o'clock. That's something.
I'm the official, but that's.
It was taxed.
I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't.
I've been quite on NCP or I'll be in one
of the income reserved pallet places.
Not seeing any problems. It says yeah,
it's based on the wall. Yeah,
I just reversed and insists. Yeah,
if you put it, you know,
it's a lot of restrictions on parking by
these things. Pushing at the signage.
Yeah, councillor,
did you forget to go out? No, no, no.
And yeah, I forgot what's about it.
Yeah, yeah, there's. I'm sorry.
Six children. But yeah, she's.
Semi, semi in the pension.
It's not your childhood. It's not in.
We are returning to the room.
Did you watch your.
Very good. No worries.
Yeah, yeah.
I was glad to hear. Are you good?
Have you got a charge on? Yes. Oh cool.
I think I'm your charge.
I'm still hearing you scrambling.
Deborah,
did you say that you bought some food?
I didn't bring. I was going to buy it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you mean to go the luggage? I thought,
yeah, to get everything in there.
Yeah, yeah,
it's a lot actually the original.
So it was mine. Yeah, just for a few days.
Yeah. Don't know what you're gonna need,
eh?
Yeah,
I didn't bring a big suitcase because the
kids have got a little suitcase.
So I had a whole I thought was big,
but it's brand packed by the others. Yeah,
same.
I'd grab something.
I'd go for it tomorrow and get some time.
There'll be something. Yeah,
a bit on the way back maybe.
What was it? Just means.
Is it called Fire Mix? No, no.
What in the hotel? Oh, I didn't see. No,
I'm looking at it.
I see we're still recording. Yeah,
that was my question.
OK.
Still showing as recording Josh.
Yep, looks good.
Yeah.
Like start or wait? Yeah,
we're OK to start.
I didn't realize you weren't.
I had thought last week that you were
moving it or it moved as people spoke.
It needs to be controlled,
so we have shut solid tail down.
I'm getting control. All right. Yeah.
Should we get into invoices?
We still have a couple of things to do
after a bit of prioritization,
but it should be simple and quick.
Quick look at some recommended dashboards
and reports.
Sports again, that's nothing to to tax in.
So this is probably the the last real
chunk of bulky bulky deep dive stuff.
So yeah, when we go,
it's quite a heavy lift in here.
It's quite a few processes.
Deborah,
I know you wanted to try and consolidate
these quite a lot.
So so I had a look at your as in this
world today and there was a lot of upload
invoice, upload invoice.
Localisations value over 100,
000 and so as a service we recommend that
may become one service like managing
voices essentially.
And again that's not to trivialise every
scenario that comes in.
But that was from analysing what you do
to date,
sort of where I landed as a service and
maybe as we talk through that that you
agree with so that you get this.
So within that service you can get a new.
You can administrate it, control it.
Maybe there's a rejection process.
I thought if we can go through that
because there was like portal
subscription fee, it's still an invoice.
Now you might say,
well actually that's slightly different,
that's outside of the scope,
but it is a consolidated manager.
Invoice service.
So maybe start from the is that is that
good to as a good landing point and that
again when I had seen it for
localisations I sort of challenged back
to actually that they seemed it seemed
very globalised service that we could
provide.
And you know,
maybe that you have again from your skill
matrix or location of that request,
there could be some auto assignment in
Yeah.
place that goes to use in, you know,
depending on team members which can be.
um changed accordingly or reassigned to
if you need to do that.
But that's something you can start with.
I mean I called it uploads.
So you've got invoice management.
So soon you get a new invoice that comes
in. Is that a fair?
Yes to start with and then you could have
the entry criteria or dependency where
you've already on board with the clients
they're active.
And that's the point that's that's sort
of happy path presumably of that.
So it would look up that you know the the
service could look up the fact that the
client's already in place, they're active,
they're not deactivated or longer.
So we're not getting invoices equally.
That are for previously deactivated
company. So there's that check.
So the requester could upload the invoice,
then send it and then you would receive
it as a group. So is that fair to say?
And then is that and then I think that's
probably and then from that process you
would then be processing the invoice.
Now I've made it sound as if it's one
invoice, one client.
But maybe the person is submitting one
client, multiple invoices,
Mhm.
multiple clients, multiple invoices.
Is that better to say that they just use
it all? Normally it will be no batch race,
but it will be like.
So overall,
it could be their partners worked on
online and they'll send it over.
It really depends on who's setting the
request. OK,
and the service could handle that.
It could be that each task and this is
probably where you'll come in,
but essentially you'll have.
Some parent information limited for and
then each task will be this for this
client attachments.
Those clients maybe you enter the value,
they enter the value that's over 100,
000 or they actually enter the value of
the invoice.
Then you've got some reconciliation there.
And they can add whilst they're in that
request, add another, add another,
add another.
And you've got that clear association of
invoice related to clients rather than
having to scroll through the e-mail
attachments which will say invoice one or
PDF,
you know that naming convention that you.
Probably isn't there and you can download
them from there.
And I know a feature probably that I see
in your pain point is having to download
them one by one,
whereas there's a service of download all
that is available as well as the service.
Because what we find is there is actually
multiple units into one request.
We upload per client,
so it could end up in two different
people. So like, right,
they'll do that one and then it goes into
the mix because that we just upload one
client per request.
You would prefer the rules to be one
client per request, OK,
as a rule rather than multiple clients
and multiple invoices, OK, so.
The request can still have like the 10:15
where invoice is on there.
If it's just the one line it doesn't just
OK,
that's that's because we want to capture
111 invoice and multiple invoice,
but the line has to be the same. OK,
so what I can see is like this request
will be like client name invoice numbers.
Value.
We'd like to take some of that and like
partnering.
So take care of a little bit special.
That would be a really good indicator to
see because at the moment we don't see
that.
We see upgraded invoice and then we have
to go into the.
There's some priority in there.
So you've got over 100,000,
that's value that could be in either
currency, yeah, any currency.
So I suppose all it'll be tick and would
you want the value so that you can refer
to so they actually you're marking
against, yeah, I suppose.
I mean.
I mean I suppose the reason why I've
mentioned that as a service like you
could say like if if it's recurring that
everyone time and materials or billing,
you know you're expecting this recurring
invoices coming in.
Suddenly on the dashboard there's this
bullet that last market was 80K and you
get this sort of reporting that there's a
spike in the in the value on that client
for example,
and you can sort of see the anomalies on
the dashboard if a value is entered up by
the requester.
So yeah,
we have to have like a matter ID or a PO
number one that's like mandatory.
We don't have that.
We can't get the invoice I saw on.
E someone billing that they have invoices,
non PO.
Are you saying you have invoices or PO?
OK,
so that would be a mandatory field
because most of the time you just get PEF
and you can't do anything.
OK, so it's not that. So all PO. Yep. Yep.
And so it's PO. It's PO different clients.
It's different. So like a matter ID.
Climb, matter reference. Yeah.
So we need to figure out what we want to
land on.
So would you have?
So would you have reference and then if
it's a client e-billing reference,
you have a drop down or you just prefer
it to be client e-billing reference? Yeah,
and then it would be like a free text in
because it doesn't follow suit each
client. There's no formatting. No. Well,
it depends on the client somewhere,
alphanumeric some numeric.
Would they be able to submit that request
if it's eBay?
It could be like managing bureau.
It can be a mandatory, but it can.
I mean either. Yes,
if you need it to be mandatory because
without it you're preventing you being
downstream, you can't do anything,
then it needs to be.
And I'd recommend as part of that service
you have it as mandatory.
Yeah,
because at the moment it doesn't come
through as mandatory sources on our stats
because we can't do that. We can't.
We just can't progress it. Yeah,
we can't progress it until we have any
information. We can't upload it.
So it just adds and adds on our, yeah,
thinking stats because it can take like a
week together. It can take a month. Yeah.
So if they don't send it to.
This.
Yeah,
and they can mark what I'm on at the
requester level you can they can save as
drafts.
So if they submit a certain amount,
they can save as a draft that sits in
their task list that they needed to
provide them.
Well, Parik,
I was going to ask Parikh on that point,
whether we could do,
whether there's a way of doing a,
you know,
so I think it's what level of submission
you get to for them to save it because
you don't want them to have a whole load
with just say a name in it sitting there.
It's at what point and how do you?
You know what,
what's the mandatory stuff to enable you
to save it and then add to it.
I think that's the that will be the key
thing because you could do, you could,
you could have a certain amount of fields
just say what we do with the change
process.
You have a certain amount to get that you
know that record raised.
And then you have a number of other items
that they once it's saved,
they then add to it before they submit it.
So and again, if Parik,
I don't know if you're on the call,
is that something that we can,
Yeah, I I'm here. I I'm here.
is that something we could do here?
Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
That's absolutely, yeah,
that's a standard process. So yeah,
that's fine.
We can look at the fields and the
information gathered and anything else
Yeah.
OK.
which is auxiliary to that and then make
sure that's available before submission,
yeah.
Yeah, so, so we got,
we could almost have two, two pieces.
You've got it,
you've got the mandatory information to
enable you to save the record and then
complete you know certain items.
Once it's saved,
you can then instate up post saving.
These are the mandatory information
before submission.
Right.
So you kind of have that.
That two-step process.
The one thing that I was just about to
Yeah.
ask on that preferred free text statement
is your the e-billing the the sort of
reference number that you want as that
free text.
Do you want to put any controls in that
cell?
The innate that sort of derives for the
right content because what you don't want
Thank you.
to do is have it free text and if someone
doesn't know,
they just put don't know and then submit
it and then you go back round the loop.
Yeah, it's like a blacklist.
We want TBC and then JC.
Yeah,
so you or or you structure it if you've
got,
say you've got an E billing number that
you're that needs,
you know it's 16 digit number with a E on
the front of it or whatever it is.
You can define some of the rules to say
look out for this number and if it
doesn't contain this number then you you
put an error code to the person to say
we're looking for this number to look
like this.
Or whatever.
That's too much. Yeah,
we've got 400 plus clients and then we've
Forget that idea then. Forget that. Yeah,
understood.
got different. Yeah,
numbers that can be numeric combined.
I was going to say different clients use
different reference numbers.
OK.
Yeah.
There's going to be difficult.
The.
Text that you say unknown or TVC objects.
Yeah, you can do that. I mean,
it's customized. It's customization.
We can't do that. You know,
Yeah, the.
you have descriptive to say do not allow
TVC, NA, etcetera.
The only point is.
Yeah, Julian, the only point is,
you know the validation we were talking
Let's say that one.
about,
it's only useful if the information is as
less free text as possible because people
can just put dot or dash or ABC in there
The system.
as you say or TBC in there and carry on
because it's not used to useful otherwise.
So what we'll have to see is things we
may make mandatory.
They are made mandatory and you're not
able to bypass that without putting the
right detail.
Otherwise that's it's it's of no use,
you know that development work.
So that's that's the only point I want to
Yeah, it sounds good. Yeah,
it's it's that client votes that be whole
make. We can always discuss later.
We can always discuss later what what's
needed.
products.
You've been so dependent on the client as
well because they may change their own
formats and impacts.
So it's it's probably.
I would say wasted effort and value.
It's just that it's short term.
You won't get a long term.
It comes back to probably Lynn to your
point of the value to change either
habits.
You know you can pull those insights of
who are the people that always put TBC.
It was consistent, you know, behavioural,
yes,
that you can grab based on the question.
Exactly.
I can say it might be worth just almost
go live with the kind of open,
but allow them to put their own reference
numbers in,
then start to look at behaviours and
patterns and then look at your reports
and dashboards and go OK.
Well,
we've seen a lot of this and then we
might look at, OK, OK,
let's put in some blockers on TVC, NA,
dot, dot, et cetera.
Because you're giving them pointers to,
you know you can have a recommended field
that they and you know even the standard
pop-ups.
Have you completed this correctly that
you're getting them to confirm that it's
sort of driving that.
Behaviour without, as you said,
mandatory boxing. The need is noted. Yeah,
can I just check something?
So you mentioned for each of the requests
you'd like one client can have multiple
invoices and then you mentioned as well.
You'd like the matter ID or purchase
order number. Is that per invoice?
You'd have to maybe a different matter
number. OK,
there's a reference on each of the
attachments. Yeah,
Oh.
you could actually say same for all.
Yes.
And it's saying for it can just be
entered once. Yeah, that's a good point.
Thank you.
Imagine that client maybe you'd want to
have as a drop down to avoid that kind of
human behavioural, you know, various.
Well, that was my kind of second question,
which was.
If we wanted to drop down with the client
names,
is there a way that the client onboarding
process, oh amazing, I was going to,
I'm just going to go back to that is
client active and that's why we started
with client onboarding.
When we're discussing it as a team that
you've got the the active,
you should do that dynamically updated
options in the drop down list.
I think they can.
I just want to make sure that we've got a
trusted source for that company data as
well and and those will be triggered by
the client on boarding,
but then once it's in and governed and
then it feeds into other process like
this particular service here as well.
So we can do that and it can be OK if I
select a.
I think we used government maybe used
before like JP Morgan or maybe on the
other banks as well and then there'll be
some information that needs to capture
about them as well that can be dynamic
and differentiated as well.
But we just need to make sure that that
source is trusted in terms of that
company data as well. Yeah,
I mean you can have,
but I think you were talking earlier.
Your onboarding goes to the parents.
Do you have invoices for subsidiaries
that sort of you know that and then I
think vendor onboarding also there was an
invoice associated that.
So yes in theory you can the fact that
you've onboarded these clients.
Can be part of the dropdown,
so you have to avoid this pretext in
principle.
Can I just point back to the conversation
we had a few couple of hours back around
Mhm.
the CRM, right. So the customer data,
your clients and obviously it's a bit
could be a technical discussion which
I'll do separately,
but is CRM the right source for that?
Can we look at getting the data from CRM
as a source of truth?
You have two CRM's you mentioned and that
could give us all the clients and
OK.
subsidiaries and etcetera, etcetera.
I think I was just going to ask the
question along the lines of where does
this number come from or where is it
stored?
Mm.
Does it a static place or is it different
for each?
Where do you pull that number from?
Yeah.
Which number? The client ID,
client e-billing reference number.
The reference is at the matter level,
so it would be down to the public or the
PE would provide that.
Is it saved in our system anywhere?
It should be saved in three,
but it's not the same always.
Always there.
Yeah.
I'll just get added to the investment and
to where they get it from them.
It would be an question.
They would get it from their matter
contract to the client side.
They will provide it.
They should put it into three.
This should all happen after reception,
yeah.
And by there's candles,
build the stream and build and raise the
invoice.
It should automatically pull through to
the invoice media. Yeah, you could go,
but sometimes they won't get it.
They'll get the invoice.
They'll go to the client, right?
Can we pay this? No,
he's going to e-mail it. Right.
Here's your reference number back to
Billy, and that's on an e-mail at this.
So sometimes it doesn't even.
System is down to the PA on their
housekeeping.
OK.
I'm just thinking about potential for
Yeah, so um.
integration or anything like that,
but I don't know that there is as I say
it is a it is a potential for integration
and we we should look at use case,
Yeah, so it's.
but there's also a much larger process
that needs to be fixed on the free E side
rather than.
Try to fix it here if that makes sense.
Wondering if it's a question for our data
team around what data boxes that you use
in 3D from that.
If we can get some clarity on that,
Yeah.
it might inform.
I will take that back. Um.
A document that using the scenario in the
source is.
Let me let me take that back because
we're having a few discussions around the
integration in the coming days.
So I'll take both of these points back
around CRM,
healthy complements that obviously
billing is 3 itself and then where is
where the source of customer data or a
So.
client data from because it's it could be
a combination of three and CRM itself
across the process.
I I don't think CRM is a single source of
truth and I wouldn't rely on that in the
Got it.
short term on the basis that we've got a
review of our CRM system on ongoing.
Mhm.
So any integration that we did with that
would then just.
Be redundant.
But I think it's just good to understand
the source of the truth.
We need to go and think about that.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. Sure, sure.
We'll take it back as as a parking item.
Tim,
is that something that you could take
around on as well with the data
governance team?
Sort of JP's owners.
I'm going right to the fields at the
requester, so we've landed on.
Reference value over 100,000,
which should be good.
And then that rules for one client,
multiple invoices, one client,
multiple and so that's very good.
It's about three times,
but the over 100 one,
we defer like taking that from the field
of the value or you want a thing in a
checkbox inside afterwards. Yeah,
you can have a checkbox.
Just take the value of the field though.
Yeah, yeah,
just check that in the sense that it
picks up.
Your prioritization matrix,
as you said that it will be also
assigning if it's over 100,
000 and is that your point,
is it over 100,
000 or total value of the invoices or any
one of them is over 100,000?
1000.
It could be a combination.
So probably we need a combination of a
checkbox over 100,
000 and adding up the values to be over
100,000.
You could have and less quickly 10 at 10
equating over.
So individually small changes.
I could actually have to break it.
I think I think she said the date of the
invoice wasn't going to like the stuff
that's aging is only just 166 months old.
So again having anything over a certain
date range.
It's a power, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Is that the catching catching date?
Sorry,
just to check that I heard that right,
you you want to catch the date it was
raised and then the date it gets to you
sort of thing so you can report against
You know the invoice,
you know just the invoice date because
it.
when what we do when we receive the
request request, we go into three,
we've got a people in history form and we
record when we receive the date of
invoice and that's what we use to track
our metrics.
How long wait till it takes us to upload
new works? Good to see, yeah,
Yeah.
the aging ones,
if it is like 6 months old,
we should prioritize.
Yeah,
'cause that was something you did want to
They can't fire retirements. Yeah,
and we want these ones to push the.
be able to report.
You wanted to be able to report on that,
right?
So if they enter the invoice date as well
as a field by the requester, OK,
and that could vary.
So they could have one for six months,
they could have one.
For this month process as well.
So for the client,
it could be a variation of old plus new
coming in. Is that correct?
But still that becomes a priority. Yeah,
we just take the oldest one. OK,
got that noted, yeah.
Want to stick to the upload topic and go
through? Yes, Yep.
So we could talk to who can raise such a
thing or finance you guys responding.
It's just ad hoc presumably or do they
come in ad hoc towards the end of the
month always the last last couple of days,
first couple of days and as a service,
is it useful? So for example,
you know that there's a client's been on
boarded and we know.
But on that regularly we should get
monthly invoicing.
So is there something that you would
consider that a service you could do
schedule that that or reminder that we
should be expecting invoices to come in?
No, that's not on yourself,
that's on the requester to see that.
It's good in terms that we can look if
I'm working.
Workload headcount holidays and we're
going to peak periods.
That's more like my considering you have
a recurring invoice like.
Yeah.
So it's much more sort of a proactive
activity that we could capture.
We'd request to ignore that if it's going
to be a referring invoice to be able to
provide that information at the time.
They should, yeah. Yes,
they'll still have to resubmit a new. Yes,
it's part of their requester.
It could be part of their notification or
their pass,
but based on that recurring invoice
activity, you'll proactively.
And that they they see it as a prompt
that I'm not going to send you on the
28th.
I'm just trying to think because we could
put that.
I'm just worried that if we trigger these
types of notifications,
you might have PS who've got loads of
these to submit and then.
They're bombarded with these
notifications saying you've got monthly
time to submit. They see this,
they send the rules over.
It's the priority ones over 100,000.
I mean,
it's just a half thinking we can note for
future.
As you said, yeah,
we're thinking about rather than you say
multiple notifications.
I think it's probably just a quite a
difference to the way that we currently
work for our requesters and if they're
getting a prompt to tell them to then
send that and just you manage that from a
change management perspective and
understand the benefits.
Yeah, we can partners, yeah.
And more than part partly look back. OK,
that's scheduling for upload. Yeah, yeah,
visibility on the portal.
So anybody in finance can have visibility
for.
And inquestor,
I think there's not be any requester
sending requestor all sorts.
Hi, London. Billing will be doing it.
What will it be connected up?
The regional finance offices.
Yeah, associates. Oh, OK, yeah.
Yes.
Or trail that team requests.
We should say you've got the value,
you've got skills, matrix, maybe client,
again, client specific VI PS. Yeah,
not only clients, VIP clients.
And we can get that make sure it's off
you. But again, would you have,
because it's going to be a global form,
can anybody in the e-billing pick it up
essentially so they could be?
Someone in Australia knows you're
following the sun.
Anybody in the team can pick it up and
upload it to the portal. Is that? So Asia,
Australia, beginning,
Brisbane and the rest of the world.
And that's what you do today.
That's what we do today. But yeah,
because you can move forward.
Forwards for particularly as you said,
you know when you're getting things or
last minute or the due date six months
ago, any member of the team,
e-building team globally can pick it up.
So as we're following the principles set
with the other ones here with the
conditional based on location.
Conditional location,
but then reassigned for agency that any
member. Yeah,
we have some instances on home,
we're online and they're like,
can you want like stuff like that? Yeah,
and you get that activity.
Away from your dashboard that's
outstanding, as Mark says,
probably breaching, coming to be,
you know, buying limits and as a team,
anyone you can pick it up.
OK,
it's going to be available to all
countries. Yeah,
one form skill metrics plus as you said,
some VIP clients localisation,
but generally as a global team of ways of
working, you know,
within a 24 hour period each of you are
probably.
You know, if it's a heavy load in the UK,
there's no no doubt that the Australian
team can pick up that,
get through those counts.
Um, other fields. So this is um.
On the records that you might have that's
a bit like the onboarding where you have
a checkbox that you uploaded Steve in the
portal when you did that with there was a
reference back.
So is there any activities that you have
that you might find useful to mark
against that record?
Once you've received it from the
requester.
It's going back to your message.
It's uploaded or the invoice rejected and
we either in which we will then or to do
an action or it's on us to do actions.
So it's either uploaded,
which is basically.
And then that's. And so at that point,
you know that it's been accepted. Mm-hmm.
And therefore, within the service,
you can mark its code complete. Mm-hmm.
So that's probably a a state uploaded TE
billing and that's probably that's that's
closed approved essentially and then from
that point on the form saying that they
need to be rejected.
So and then back into the service,
it will be rejected, reasons,
root cause analysis and then and what's
the variety of those reasons rejected the
rates. They're not even industry. Yeah,
these are work notes that we have.
Projective wise might be the portal,
the client or us and the team and then
it's all within the eight reasons.
Category.
So it can be the budget hasn't been in
place,
the matter hasn't been signed in the
portal.
I mean the right syndrome.
OK. And some of those are picked up.
Those reasons that you just said are
picked up downstream on timekeeper and so
we've got some of that crossover and so
rejected by us probably reduces.
Yeah.
And then you got rejected by clients,
which again can be addressed by the
timekeeper. Yeah, right.
The time was scraped right up.
Then we have to push it back to the PE to
get more information for it.
Justify client,
rejected by us and rejected by portal.
So the portal is generally the budget
isn't in place all the time to keep the
rates.
So the portal is doing the heavy work to
do the initial reject before it even gets
to a client approval. OK.
And so even if it passes portal,
the client can still,
it can get rejected at any point.
From that invoice going into and it can
get rejected multiple times for different
reasons. So the porter can reject it,
we fix it, it goes in,
the client can see it. Nope,
the client rejects it.
So at this point your upload invoice is
still in.
A state of.
Openness as it were until until final
approval of passing all that gates in,
probably to touch on that point budget in
place if that field that on timekeeper or
admin we'd capture to make sure that
therefore your rejection rate at this
point is reduced.
Budget, we don't get access to that.
You don't know that to any of the pre
some portals.
We submit budget and it goes to approval.
Majority of the portals,
we don't get to see anything.
We don't get access,
we don't get to see it,
we don't get submitted to be done by the
client.
Maybe you can't even track it to see if
how much volume we've consumed to go to
trigger an actions.
I was just trying to ask,
do you see what the rejection reason is
or the kind of information that helps
with the does that help?
You don't get any of that at the moment.
Was very little. Yeah, it's very.
Something,
something that we can capture on that
side is kind of open and to unpick and to
put in place upstream,
but you just get a rejection essentially
and you have to unpick it and it tends to
be on budgets.
Rights.
Other things, yeah,
client entity would be billing the wrong
entity on that invoice and then it has to
go back and get the first and get change.
I was just like your pre-checks.
So maybe that's a we feel that we can
capture client entity as well.
That's only invoice upload.
This information, we don't see it at all.
So even if we upload the matter into the
portal,
we don't know what entity it's what the
client's attached to it.
So even if we get it on the form,
we can't even. Oh, OK,
there's only one portal that we can do it
on.
It's.
And we would on that particular.
So that's legal traffic.
If we see the entity is different,
we would have to reject it back to the
team and go, no,
this is up to this entity,
your invoices to London,
this is to the US, you need to change it.
So we would try and stop as many
rejections as we can.
OK, that's a good point. Yes,
but it's that reactive capturing it
upstream. Is that, you know,
using that because it is very high and I
think it is.
Meeting towards public standard scenes,
a lot of that until we get this all
captured at mattering section and
everything's all laid out properly,
it's just going to have this issue and
it's going to be.
Have all that building information and
the entity as well needs to be tied up.
I wish it's outside of home really,
rather than.
I think that should have, yeah.
But we've captured in some of the evening,
as you said, well,
some of the brief fields that might be
rejected by us. That's good. Sorry,
just a quick question.
We set clients up in the we set them up
Just to.
with a sort of a client address and then
an invoice address or they'll often.
Yeah, we need to. Yeah,
they'll send one of the client and then
I'll have the different the client
entities.
So someone to me that's really still
understood if it's this this client group
that's the invoice, OK.
Well, that is the case.
Why is that not getting picked up?
We could be engaging in London,
but actually it's the French.
And who does that get? Who that get fixed?
That just seems like the data entry issue
in the Yeah, and I don't.
Who's doing that?
Forgive me guys,
we can't hear the answers on uh from you.
Use.
It's a wider issue that's part of the
project that are going on for rates and
matter inception and how they set all
that up.
So it's not stuff we're going to be able
to solve and do it from an earlier point.
We will always need to have a certain
level of rejections.
It's just the situation that we're in at
the moment.
Until that project joins up what we need
to do, yeah,
and we can just capture the insights of
that at this point.
I think probably the next month she goes
away because it's corrected is a one off
activity which has been corrected.
In the sorry guys in the data in that
previous cell that you're in Josh,
are you expecting to have a like a
comments box for additional information?
Just generally it's it's usually pretty
good to have like a free form comments
box for just additional comments notes at
point of which.
The case is created.
Sometimes that can be useful to capture
various insights to the record.
Yeah, working notes are sometimes useful.
We have that standard standard across the.
Yeah, I was thinking,
I was thinking more about not necessarily
in the working way.
I suppose it could go in the working
notes, but often there's some, you know,
you have an initial submission text,
just additional text.
It's it can be useful just which sits
there, you know, in paturity.
For you know that you can report against
potentially look for keyword searches and
things like that.
Just just something to to raise.
I typically do them on all my requests
that I would shape just have additional
comments filled in case there's something
that's informative that the agent wants
to raise. Just something to think about.
It doesn't have to be,
it's just a thought.
Yeah, can be, as I said,
probably reporting on notes. Yeah.
Are we talking about the requester adding
Mark or the the agent? OK.
No, even the agent.
So the agent generating the record,
there might be something pertinent that
they don't want to put because trouble is
Oh yeah.
if you put it in the work notes,
it might not jump out to the audience,
say reviewing the front page.
So there might be something pertinent.
So you just do a general additional
comments field so that if there was
Yeah, yeah.
anything they wanted to jump out that
first.
View without having to look at the notes.
That would be the place to position it.
OK, what you do at the moment,
if it's rejected to say timekeepers,
they'll put the member in the team will
put weighted timekeeper approval in the
subject line of the ticket so they know
that they're waiting. Yes, so.
Yeah, OK.
So that could be as based on if you just
manage it in workflow rather than text
based on that rejection,
you could then have the additional
waiting waiting information or waiting.
We have to have lots of them that
awaiting further information.
And so it's an actual reportable
dashboard activity flagged.
But additional notes, yeah, to be careful,
could be useful for key.
There were where I'm thinking of those
sort of things is sometimes the
additional note might be this is the
ninth time round that we've tried to do
this or you know some some just pertinent
to that record that enables you know
future analysis or a I investigation.
Support type stuff, but anyway it's.
As you said,
it's probably we could add it as a
standard feature across cases. Yeah,
correct.
Yep.
Do you have another that was covered to
go?
OK.
Where are we at?
Workflow for upload and we've talked to
it. Workflows for the requester,
one client, multiple invoices, one client,
one invoice and we complete that with the
value dates.
And finds name in the and then which is
only saved as a global process.
Nation skill matrix aligned on workflow.
Process we've got two lots of live checks,
so we have one specific for one I end
that always has to get checked and then
another one is auto submit.
So we have different types of uploads.
We have upload.
And also submit those.
So we just need these are high risk.
Just tell me the first two PDF or leads.
So yeah, yeah, yeah.
So live check complaints.
Everything needs to get reviewed right to
upload.
So now I will go to the team e-mail
myself.
And that can be tracked.
So you would have live check,
you know based on that more as you said,
this is what gets live checked.
But from an audit perspective rather than
just looking at it,
it could be live checked or like approved,
like reviewed whatever you want on that
label and then reviewed by.
So you've got the check.
Yeah,
'cause that's the moment is on an Excel
document.
We'll just take it through and then.
OK,
but you could do it on this form and then
you're not locking your own homework.
So if you're log, if it's yours,
you're not like checking. Yeah, yeah.
And do you want to do that?
That bulk is there multiple ones where
you could.
Sorry,
can I just stay here about the live check
stuff?
So I think what we've talked about
previously in the system is that we'll
use an approver task to do the live check.
So because it will be a peer and the team
that will do it.
So you can see a task on the workflow,
it goes to the peer and as part of that
task,
the checklist should be included in that.
So the peer can fill out the checklist
and send it back to the original
requester to see approved or not.
That's OK. Thank you.
We weren't using yet. OK, good. Thank you.
Right. That was a standard. Yeah,
that's not that's for all peer checks,
for all last teams. That's it.
So and checklist and all that are all
available in spreadsheets.
So we can just handle that over when
you're ready. Cool. Yeah.
Inward flow.
And then the other live check we have is
done after submission.
So we check because it's so we run it
through our system.
So it tracks all that information and it
uses an API and sends it directly to our
portals.
So we're just checking to make sure it's
going to the right one. OK,
so it's not done in the workflow,
it's done in the workflow you could say
it's.
It's going and it goes to somebody else
to then check and they just won't check
it. Is that someone else? OK,
so as part of the workflow,
it's all then assigned to as part of the
next stage.
Been done peer reviews, live,
live reviews,
then you get another approval and that
one's it's not peer reviewed,
it's just that's the other one at the end
and that's it. OK,
and that's within the e-billing team.
OK.
And then assuming that role could be like
manager role and then that's checked and
signed off.
And at that point,
would you then consider the upload
process of that new to be closed,
complete, closed, complete,
approved essentially, yeah.
So the the condition for it to either be
checked by somebody in the building team
or not. What was that?
What was the differentiator? Sorry,
whether it was or not. Oh, auto submit.
Let's be like.
We have to have something on John.
Because they need to have to say that
they don't come to a submit. Yes.
And then because we don't differentiate.
So what we find when we're in the QA that
we need to sample PDF of those,
we need to sample these of those,
but we don't,
we're not able to differentiate.
And then apply tickets.
So to be able for the teams of the
service, yeah, is there's a PDF,
is this a lead or is this an auto submit
to have them tick the box? Yep.
So we can differentiate that way.
And then if it's auto submit,
it goes to like, yeah.
OK.
If it's the other day,
then it's easier for you to and then you
are after the autism that you need then
need a confirmation that it's been done.
Yes.
So it doesn't even after autism that you
still need that close complete. Yeah.
And who provides?
That way you just get the clarification
from your submit. Is that right?
Is that system generated clarification or
who was it a person you physically go in
and check that it's in.
So again prior to your submit code is
complete,
it will be confirmation of submission.
OK. And then you can sign that off.
We we're on the same lines here that it's
a manual selection of auto submit. Yes.
Yeah, OK.
What was that?
Because the requested I won't know.
They won't know.
They won't know why at the agent level.
But you'll be saying, yeah,
this is uploaded if it's I have submitted
this PDA for practice.
So then PDA leads after uploading the
case first.
If it's possible to trigger something to
lower.
And then they have to check once they've
checked. Yeah, yeah. Or like for instance,
other scenario that is that he needs to
check the leads and then that comes back
to me only once. So he's not. Yes. Yeah,
that's.
OK, understood.
Clarified PDS are also live, correct? No,
no, it's only auto submit.
And what's the?
Does anything different happen if it's
rejected, if it's not approved?
Almost three different types you're
saying, well, no.
Yeah, just just across each of them.
So what happens?
Does the does whoever it is that doesn't
approve it,
do we trigger them to put a statement as
to why? And then does the does something,
you know,
what what's different for it to go round
again or does it just go back round again?
What's the?
It depends on the projection.
It's something that the team can fix.
I'm doing live in the moment resubmitting
until it's accepted,
but if it's something we need matter team
involved in or we need to talk to the
client, we need to submit rate, that's.
Yeah,
that's why we now we've always got to the
point where this is this workflow Mark
has said this has gone through OK as the
happy part and now probably Mark will
touch upon the rejection workflow of
which we'll get into more detail.
Was was I jumping the gun? Sorry.
No, no, no. No, no,
you're perfectly timed to come into
rejection. We can some.
So even though it's been also submitted
at this point,
you can still get those rejections.
So it's still not.
I said we've got close complete,
but just as a activity,
so it could be that it's also submitted.
Check done,
uploaded PDS and then this file's done.
Now we've got to wait for the accepted or
rejection process to come in and that's
probably timing mark for yourself as now
we're getting into the reasons for it.
I know we've touched upon it from some
pre-checks on the previous workflows,
but now we have to sort of say, OK,
so we can also submit some of the same
reasons it's been rejected because of
rates matter all all of the type of
invoices will have the same rejection
reason, if you agree with it, OK.
Let's check on the auto submit,
but two approvals.
They're going to be two different people.
We should only have one.
There was one after it closed.
No, it should just be one.
Once it's gone through and has submitted
the invoice, it doesn't get rechecked,
it gets post checked. Oh OK OK.
It can't be the same person.
They can't Margaret.
Can I just ask another question?
You were talking earlier, Megan,
about the notification getting pushed to
either Peter or Lauren to do the check.
Where does that happen? Just now?
Is that in Cherwell or does that happen
in? No,
I just send things to you in an e-mail.
Cool. OK.
But that could be part of the workflow of
the Simon group. Yeah, that's good.
That's good. Thank you. So for all.
Parry's got his hand up, guys,
if you didn't know.
Oh.
Yeah, I didn't. I can't see you slowly.
Thank you. Thank you, Mark.
It's it's more of a on the rejection part,
right.
And I can see that there are a lot of
there might be might be a lot of ways you
want to handle a rejection and Mark,
perhaps something for us to see whether
we can have a rejection reason.
I think you mentioned that earlier as
well in in in the session.
Yes, yeah.
And the different different reasons can
then branch out in different activities
or instructions for for the person who's
now going to handle it again and then
it's reportable as well.
So you can see how many requests were
So like a pick,
are you thinking of a a standard pick
rejected because of.
list and then from what's selected it
could trigger some tasks or something
Yeah.
Correct. If yeah, yeah,
you have you have options now because
thereof? Yeah.
obviously when you see ServiceNow
rejection and approval records are very,
very simple. There's a state field,
there's a description field.
It's not reportable as such.
You can just see how many of rejections
have occurred, but not the reason why.
What if we add a reason?
Then it then gives us the flexibility to
either modify the flows later or and or
and also report the report the you know
the metrics etcetera around the reasons
it's a reason themselves.
And we have that now in at the moment the
invoice level,
that's how we're managing it and we can
see our volumes and you have a,
I mean standard, you have like a tree.
Yeah,
it's I don't know how many levels you go
to.
You just have one drop down or if you
pick one drop down, it's the other.
Three main ones and then the sub ones
within three and then 8 categories we
need.
I think that calls to what we were just
saying is that root cause analysis tree.
We've got three options at level 18 level
level 2.
And then you can do that,
as Karen was saying,
you can report upon that to get the
insights to correct downstream behaviour.
Yeah,
it's good that when I'm doing my
reporting is live information,
so if we're changing it,
I can't retrospectively see it.
So then if we have it,
you can see it right. These ones aren't.
It has got a history,
but when you're reporting,
it will just report the last slide.
So it doesn't.
So you have to be able to see it right.
This was rejected. I'm keepers.
So typically, typically in addition,
so typically on records if it's gone
Yeah.
round a number of times what you what
there's a and again I'm just presupposing
I'll I'll take Parekh's guidance on this
as well,
but usually you'll track all the
approvals associated with that record in
like I said.
Separate tab near the bottom of the
record.
Yeah.
So what you can do is you can effectively
see how many iterations it's gone through,
Mhm.
who went through the who did the reject
or approve, whichever is pertinent.
But ultimately it gives you a bit of a
history of what's happened with that
Correct.
record and then what you can do is you
can report on how many.
Yeah.
Times do you go around something twice
because someone hasn't, you know,
some maybe a partner hasn't done the
right thing or some, you know,
so it enables you to do continuous
service improvement as a result of that
Yeah.
output.
The among the challenge we have seen,
I mean approval process works quite
Yeah.
nicely out-of-the-box,
but it also assumes the person approving
would put some detail in there.
We have seen it so many times,
you know we have seen rejections and
teams don't know why something has been
rejected,
especially in a complex process like that
if finance are involved and building are
involved etcetera.
So what we have generally done is at
least given a drop down so that someone
Yeah.
people don't have to tie things off as
they're rejecting at least to save their
two seconds or five seconds and we at
least have a very basic set of themes
around a process where the rejection
generally happens.
So you're OK.
So let let me still play that. So,
Maybe it's the value of a boy is not
correct.
And we, yeah.
so it might be, you know,
incorrect data as a pick list or some
something else and yeah,
or numbers don't match or whatever,
Something like that, yeah.
whatever that. So.
So you've got a standard one and then
Correct, correct.
maybe another and then if they select
other, it's free form text.
Yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah.
And then you can report on these.
Yeah, understood.
You can actually select them in tables,
break break these down, see how many,
how many rejections in the billing
process were because of the wrong value
rather than just saying how many
rejections were there.
Does that help you narrow down the actual
issues?
And that's quite,
quite powerful that that metric.
Yeah, well,
you can have your tree that is like
similar to today, not,
but you can also have that as they're
saying inaccuracy data issues you know
and that become very team specific for
correction downstream. OK,
I think we'll agree that you know root
cause analysis trees are.
Very powerful.
It gives you that insight that the same
client issues or over a certain value
seems to be an issue,
whatever it might be that can be
corrected. I think that's clear.
So each of them will be.
I'll just go back to going going through
the uploads, checking rules, submit,
auto submit and then at that point how
long between submitting and the rejection
process?
Is the time?
Is it almost once you're uploading it?
Is there a check or to these?
So if you want hours, days,
it should be instantly on the screen or
it would be an e-mail notification coming
in.
The volume's come in,
so right to get notifications if it's
been accepted, if it's been rejected,
the portal will be almost instant.
But then if it's past that check and the
clients, yeah,
if that's being stays month,
which stays month.
So that's if it could remain open,
we would once we've got it in the system,
it's then you'll be closed again.
Yeah,
because then theoretically it leads into
credit control to start chasing.
I'm just thinking of the workflow process,
Mark and Barry,
that close complete normal suggests that
it's close complete and non-editable.
In the system later on where you've got
sort of closed submitted and therefore
it's not completely closed and if the
rejection comes in later,
you can still add to that data,
but you're not actually acting upon it
actively in your dashboards or having to
do anything with it.
Well, would you recommend that?
Because there could be some subsequent
data that's coming in from rejection from
the clients.
Is that what you would want though,
Lauren? Because.
Well,
I want it closed and date of our of your
our books.
But what we're finding if we've got a
rejection,
we're going to backtrack where it came
from and open it up and open up a new
ticket because at the moment it's closed
to a set much.
I don't want to open up a new ticket.
We want to have the same issue.
This is what we have.
Yeah,
So what you want is link the records.
Yeah,
like the e-mail we talked about earlier,
find the original e-mail,
go back on that e-mail,
keep it in the same chain. Yes,
rather than opening up and trying to
match where is this where exactly makes
it easier.
But we can just close off your books as
an activity. Yeah, for reporting.
But ability to link it when the rejection
comes in.
Yeah, that's where I was going.
That's where I was going.
As we talked about one of the other cases.
You want you want to be able to because
you might have two or three come,
two or three activities associated with
that single item.
But you want to be able to link the
records so that you've got your audit
trail without clouding or having you're
running the risk of someone changing some
data in the previous one.
When it's closed,
it's usually closed and then you just
link your associated records.
And based on that,
so if I was a story of one client's
multiple invoices.
And the rejection happened on one invoice.
It could be one of many,
but you might not know.
You might just get rejection and you have
to pick unpick all the invoices or do
they tend to tell you it?
OK, that's good.
So that's known.
Just going back to your earlier point,
one about you'll submit it and then it
goes to credit control to chase the the
payment and stuff like that.
I know we haven't touched on this now.
Are you guys scared to see it?
But we still use the e-bill and tracker.
We use the old manual updates and stuff.
OK,
so how then if credit control for example
are on ServiceNow,
can we look for ways to remove that
spreadsheet?
And it's not necessarily an answer for
right now.
It's probably something that you guys
haven't seen either,
but there is a working spreadsheet where.
Lauren,
you might be better to talk about how you
use it and who's in the spreadsheet,
etcetera,
but how we can start to pull that audit
trail actually on ServiceNow if all the
teams are in them,
especially the difference.
So we've got even everyone.
So the e-book history one that we can log
in through here once we've done our
invoice upload or it's rejected,
all our notes in it.
We run our report rejected daily.
And do our work.
Credit control also have those fields in
their report.
So when they're looking at their
portfolio, they will see our comments,
if it's been uploaded, if it's rejected,
if we're told held in.
I see it's like you mentioned on it says
on hold, is that right? So they'll be.
So then we have handled teams.
So invoice day, the date that it was sent,
it's pending group approval.
So they'll look if it's.
If we've not voted it and it's pending,
we assign it to credit control. Yeah.
If it's in V,
then you'll be asked to sit with the
master, so they'll be able to identify.
OK,
it'd be worth seeing those spreadsheets.
Yeah.
Just something I think to be aware for
the credit control sessions as well,
because it feels like something that I
feel there should be a solution in here
for it. I just,
I can't remember the detail enough,
so we'll probably need to look at it
separately. Maybe a parking lot item.
Particularly if they're chasing the
blimming and then there's a rejection,
you know there is a rejection process
coming as well that they've got four
sides of of that even though it's been
uploaded.
I think it just goes back to that point
Mark was making earlier around the work
notes versus the other notes that the
team.
We can use internally and how we utilize
that.
I think it may be something we can help
with that,
Yeah.
but I don't want to oversimplify it
because there is a lot of information in
using parts in that spreadsheet that you
just need to look at it.
Yeah, the the, the key,
the key question is how, how read,
you know,
what's the immediacy of that Intel?
You want it either right up front on the
front of the record or front of the case,
or is it something that you would want
someone going to read the notes to try
and find it?
The key point is that that text, you know,
all the time through the life of the
record.
You can add additional comments to the
front to save someone wading through the
notes if it's really pertinent,
but that's more about people and process,
you know how you utilize that to get the
best out of it.
Make sense?
Yeah, mhm. Yeah, that makes sense.
Anything else on the upload workflow on
the rejection unhappy path? Yes,
happy path SLA.
I mean you've got 3 to 10 days.
Should be 3 days now. Three days. Yeah,
it's 100K hours, over 100K, 24 hours.
And as part of.
Three days, OK.
And that's all the invoices up.
So on that, well, it's not uploaded.
It's attempted upload. Oh yes,
it's all the yeah, initially attempted.
OK.
And that three days,
if you get on a Friday, it's not,
that's the working days, working days.
We've got till Tuesday, Wednesday.
I'm working out. Yes, I'm working out.
This will be double sure, OK.
Squish.
We covered uploading having parts.
The submission, the rejection.
I just see what else is.
I knew I actually you had two different
files,
actually lots of processes split them by
region. Yeah, they've got ODS file,
the OS file and the PDF,
so they will combine processes which.
And then we've got the rejection,
which we've covered. Sorry. Yeah.
Now in your, I think Tim,
you put a process that actually we were
going to discuss,
which I think actually your memory
discussed a lot,
but we'll pull it up on the screen.
It was a complex process that was in the
workflows that probably had this
rejection process in it.
Now I think we can pull up that because
we have a quick deep break and I'll pull
it up and we can go through it unless you
put it to memory.
But it was but I thought we can
incorporate it into the overall manage
invoice because it looks like some
rejection.
Action person and maybe there's some
localizations that you can think of that
I think we've covered.
I think a lot of that that could be
handled by the managed invoice Oval
service.
So you've got the submission,
the acceptance,
the uploading and the rejection.
I think it just covers those anymore.
So you have duplicate triplicates.
Process rest of the world, UK,
Australia and.
Unless there's some exceptions for
mobilizations for those processes that
you can think of that can be covered,
but within the same workflow.
It's the same with the organ stuff.
It all comes in the same way.
So managing it depends on who's sending
it. OK,
so managing it is a global process.
Because there was a lot of, yeah,
I think there were pieces, as I said, UK,
Australia, the rest of the world,
specific block of the process rather than,
yeah, and that's what I saw that it was.
It seems to be maybe you had a ticket at
the moment, one per ticket,
one per activity,
whereas this is a service with multiple.
It's like that check leads like that's
part of the upload. Yes, exactly.
The checking and the validation and the
approval is all part of it. OK,
that's good.
Everyone has a there's a tracker
management one that's that will go in
that doesn't go to show that's the
tracker that we're talking about.
So we see them.
Is that part of the spreadsheet that
we're talking about? Yes. OK,
that's like one session.
Thursday in the morning and that's just
so maybe if we have a look at that,
we can incorporate that into this process,
which what you're saying is actually
captured here,
which is good that we can incorporate it.
Yeah,
I think it was showing you what the
spreadsheet looks like. Yeah,
that's very good.
OK, make solutions.
There's the portal subscription fee
invoices.
I just want to see with those 59
subscriptions or however,
but would they be handled?
I don't want to make that reference,
but as part of the.
Manage invoicing process. No,
that's handed separately.
So it overcomes in two ways.
It overcomes directly from the portal
that will be mail us or it will come
through maybe.
So what I have to do is I check the
invoice because we have the subscription
fee on the percentage of how much we've
uploaded.
So double check that they're reporting or
they'll do it month and monthly
standardly.
So that will be an initial check for me
that then goes on to someone in our IT
department for authorization.
And then they will go and get paid by our
AP team. OK,
so they're not doing anything rather than
just check in to make sure it's valid,
right. OK.
And based on if you have to check the
percentage activity or your.
They can see, yeah, they would.
They normally attach a spreadsheet and
the invoices are not ready,
so I'll double check that that is OK.
We'd want a way to pass that between the
teams.
We've asked to do that rather than having
to raise a request. Yes, exactly.
I'm just thinking that they are tasks
that are happening that can run between
you.
Can I just part that one because I'm
thinking about being.
This is.
And we've got a detail as well.
Yeah, it's on. Thank you.
I put some up and then I've got multiple
and then I'll put them on. Thank you.
Then I think the other thing that would
be good to have a discussion around this
afternoon is the portal notifications,
particularly the ones that come in that
you take no action on and how we can find
a solution for that.
So we've spoken to you about that,
but the guys can maybe talk a little bit
more about these will come in
automatically.
And we don't really want that in cases if
we can identify that there's no action on
them. Yeah,
we can't do that for all of them,
I don't think at this point,
but there are some that we can identify.
So it's just how we built some rooms.
I guess that's how we do it in share.
Well,
just now I don't know if there's a better
way in service now,
but I see there's rules around it.
Yeah.
We tried our best to get those in place
and reduce the amount and part of still
loads that come in as in our.
So it would be good to discuss it just to
see what we could potentially do and just
open the volume with those and what do
they what they will indicate what they've
got saying when every time invoice
changes hands so when we.
The invoice it goes multiple reviewers at
the client side depending on value so
that it will give us some notification
every time it changes will be yeah,
once it's uploaded,
changing hands once it's been approved,
once it's been paid.
Yeah, round it.
We get a daily update of everything.
These are all just general notifications
from the portal. We cannot turn those off.
That's the challenge we have.
So then we can't fix that as we go
through each portal and turn those.
Notifications off in different levels,
but that's not a functionality that we're
able to control.
What we're trying to do is not have the
ones that they don't need to deal with,
even touch them.
They can go somewhere and just sit in a
mailbox or something, OK.
They don't need to commit and create
cases. No,
we need some sort of like this solution.
They'll come on the same. They might.
We can't backlist it because sometimes we
need them. Yes, it's really hard. Yeah,
I mean,
you can't build all stuff because you'll
always miss the one that you you need.
And these are the rejection notifications,
aren't they?
So these are so if this solution if
anything says approved projected paid,
we need those.
Yeah,
if it's delivery notification or a change
of hands or there's time metrics we can
get daily,
which is people still write down every
activity. Yeah, we don't want that one.
OK. So there's ones that we can.
Yeah,
look to be just with some sort of ruling.
If we know the ones that you need to get
in, then coming in.
But if there's other ones,
so if it can scan everything with time,
like, yeah, subject mining,
probably coming from the same sign.
Yeah, that's the thing.
So you've got a subject match and I think
it's called.
So basically if the e-mail address is the
same and the the subject the same or
something, something like that,
it merges into like the same case.
What's a nightmare for you guys, isn't it?
Because sometimes you have like 200 odd.
Same thing within the one case,
but to market is read within the journal.
You can you can only do it individually.
So we created a one step for the team to
market read in bulk,
but it never works for use. So yeah,
it's painful.
We get rejection and it's 100.
But we need it. Yeah, yeah,
but that because it's changed hands so
many times and whatnot. Just everything.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, yeah, I can't like that.
Sorry, sorry folks, I I missed,
missed some of the responses from you
ladies at the table.
I heard Josh sort of say, you know,
so the reasoning as to why you're getting
these are missed. Can you,
would you mind just into the mic
repeating that?
As to what these are.
Those rejection notifications,
so this one particular client will get
400 rejections on this one particular
invoice.
Wow. And why is that?
It was. It was so we we can't.
We lost the portal. They don't know where.
We're in a bit of an infinitely somehow
to stop it.
No, it's the portal.
You should be able to.
We can look to configure the the
matchings. It's more of a contains X,
then include it in the case.
If it doesn't, don't.
So can I just ask a quick question
regards portals? What do we mean by that?
So that's an online website that these
clients have decided that they want their
invoices to.
And is that large house space and
external or is that an external to
external? There's third party vendors.
It's not managed by us though, is it?
That's the point.
They've gone with Johnson noises.
Lexis Nexis.
Most all these tech companies are
problems.
Just set up that products.
It's almost like you're almost looking
for a suppression at the exchange,
I.
e-mail exchange. Almost.
If they're coming,
I assume they're coming in on an e-mail,
are they?
Yeah, you know, Alex's are client portals.
So it's the clients of purchased software
Yeah.
tool from a third party,
many different third parties of e-billing
portals to help them manage their legal
invoices.
We don't. We we have no control.
They set up their parameters on how they
want it to work and it can be individual
per client, right? And and we have no,
Yeah.
it's not like we can stand like I always
make a joke and say there's nothing E
about E billing, right?
For us,
it's the most inefficient service that
you could ever work with because we have
to configure our ways of working to each
Yeah.
portal that exists,
but then within each portal to the way
that the client has configured it for
their particular criteria.
That they want to accept or reject as a
legal bill,
which can be down to we don't accept
commerce, we don't pay for research,
we don't pay for whatever.
We might have to,
we might have to sort of park that, get,
Yeah.
get us up, you know,
get us up and running and then start to
look at how you treat those when they
come in.
Because I think I heard and I I'm going
to say the lady in black because I can't
see the detail at the table. Forgive me,
I heard you sort of.
You're saying that, you know,
every so often there's one you do want to
spot, so you don't want to stop them all.
But you, you know,
Yeah.
you need some sort of treatment when it's
repeated of the same topic, same subject,
same case reference or something like
that.
So we might that might be an exchange.
Rule rather than anything we would do
perhaps on ServiceNow,
but it would be something we should look
at. But maybe once you've got it,
Yeah.
you know,
we've got you across and sort of running
on all the other bits because Cherwell
doesn't do anything for you on that,
does it?
So we have, sorry,
I was just going to add to your point,
Mark.
So we do have some rules set up in
Cherwell and I think it's worth sharing
that right because we did do some
analysis on words and what's coming in
because you can't stop it from sender for
example.
These I've just realised, sorry,
I've just joined.
But we can do from Zender,
that's in the subject.
Sorry my my sad little brains just joined
some dots up with something and Mark
Jones said.
These are some of the these are some of
the e-mail boxes that get more that fire
stuff straight into Cherwell, aren't they?
Yes, uh-huh.
So this is stuff that just go straight
Yes, right. OK. Yes.
through the green box and come straight
in.
Some of them we have been able to
suppress by putting those particular
rules in.
So I think that's a starting point that
we can share.
But we still have loads that come through
Yeah.
the gates and what the guys are left
having to do is like tick them all
because it creates a case for them.
And then just close them with what we
call no action.
Yeah. So you know what we could do,
what we could do. And again, I I may,
So it's sort of a closure reason that we
put on that.
I may at risk getting a a sort of virtual
kick under the table from Parik,
but if you treat these as being like an
alert, right, we could do some.
I'm pretty certain there's some if we
treated them like.
Yeah.
Event and alert rather than a
notification as such.
Potentially we could we could do some
suppression rules against common common
Yeah.
data fields such that you only get what?
Go on Parik. I'll shut up. Go on mate.
No, you're right, Mark.
But what we'll do first is qualify which
of these 32 mailboxes actually have
useful stuff.
Because Mark was Mark's gonna not not you,
Mark,
the other Mark in that in that workshop,
Mark Jones. So yeah, So what we'll do,
Yeah, Jonesy.
Jonesy's gonna have a look at it,
wasn't he?
we'll catch up and find out and then we
can actually have that same solution.
Not for all the 3232 mailboxes,
maybe five or six are important.
Well, it's the ones that these,
it's the ones, yeah,
We'll see, but technically, yeah.
it's the ones that are pertinent to what
these guys need or or you know these
Right. Yeah.
folks need to be able to catch and
operate.
But what we don't want is the multi,
the multi transmission of common data, so.
Bye, bye.
Yeah.
You know,
if it is a box that a pertinent box,
tick one, yes, we want it. But then two,
how do we suppress when it's, you know,
when it's a, you know,
clearly a duplicate sort of thing?
Correct. And yeah, and also.
And it's going to need to be visible like
that at those two different levels
because there will be something that will
come in from those mailboxes with some of
the wording on it that they do need to
take action on.
Yeah.
But we don't actually know that what
language is that would distinguish that.
Yeah, and
Yeah.
So there's a bit of work going to do
around it I think.
Definitely. And may I ask, these emails,
in your view,
Yeah.
are they structured emails or are they
like random formats?
Because sometimes emails just come in a
big BLOB of text.
Yeah, the structure. No,
they structure the generic automatic
Are these formatted emails which which is
well understood?
Got it. That's OK. Yeah, let's,
we'll review those and then we'll come
emails by the same.
back to you. What's the best way possible?
I think that Mark,
that's the thing we can take back.
Yeah.
Being a sample of those,
I think that triggered my thank you Mark.
I can say join the dots on alerts having
this probably from field service engineer
where they got alarms and they're
flapping like 100 minutes and then you
have to consolidate it into one so.
Yeah, it's.
If we treat it in that similar vein of
alert rather than case and then the
consolidation,
it's something we can look at certainly.
Yeah, yeah, we'll see. We'll see.
Definitely.
I'm sure that technical solution will
work,
but we'll still come back to you on the
possible, possible, you know,
target solution for this one.
It.
That same sort of thread with our portals
and now like the data security,
we have on time access codes coming into
our mailbox a lot.
I don't know what.
So we just need the code copy and paste
so we can log into the portal.
So you in order to go to the portal,
you have these access and security and
are they like one time authorization,
one time codes that will go through as
well,
but they normally go to the least close
direction. OK,
that's part of the notification.
I love this.
So a lot of the thinking has been done
around the suppression already,
it sounds like.
So we could start with that.
I wouldn't say a lot of it.
I think we tried to do it and for
whatever reason it was quite difficult
for us to siphon that language,
but we did manage to do it for some of it,
but there's still quite a lot that comes
through, so all right, understood.
I think,
I think the important thing on that one,
Josh, is that even if we,
even if we don't solve it 100%,
we might be able to get close that we
reduce some of it and then it's something
we can refine rules over time and look to
see how we can, you know,
OK.
whether it's a fast follow from an
initial let's get.
Yeah, let's make sure we can at least,
you know,
replicate and catch and reduce and then
look to how we refine later. You know,
that's that's where my head would be on
this one because it's going to be tricky
to do clearly.
And part of why I'm saying that is
because we have no control on the
Yeah.
upstream systems generating the, you know,
the, the, the emails, right. So,
That's fine.
so some of it will be well,
we've almost got to learn what are the
common strings of text or strings of
items and then you know, how do we almost.
Yeah.
The opposite.
What are the ones we want to catch?
What wording are in the ones that we want
to catch?
And then kind of suppress the rest.
It's almost doing it reverse.
And and I think it's coming up with what
we do with the ones that do still keep
Uh yo.
coming through because you have to
recognise we're not going to solve it
100%.
So is there a quick way we can deal with
Yeah.
Yeah,
like doing auto close or auto catch and
them?
close or something, yeah.
Yeah.
Point.
Yeah, on that notification point, yeah,
less sample of those will have a be very
useful.
Is there anything else on notifications?
We talked broadly on what we don't want.
We do want,
I guess it's going to be covered by what
the.
We do want exercise, yeah.
And then give them a quick break.
I'll pull up that complex workflow and
remind everybody and then we can work
through it.
It might be that we've covered,
it might have been the localisation,
but I think it mainly came from the
rejection process before perhaps the.
Whether that is something that we can
operate into this main service that we
talked about today.
Yeah.
So then there's also the other one we put
to the side. What was it?
The subscription fee one,
whether that's going to be part of the
service or that's the AP one for the
portal. Yeah, fees. Yeah, we've got that.
All right, I'll tidy that up later.
Oh, that's the voice thing.
And then I think.
So one more on service.
I just want TQ on the recommendation.
We've done the final onboarding time
keeper rate. I think that's it.
I think we've covered a lot of accruals.
We did that support.
On the one of those and then I suppose
there was the admin,
I think we covered on the e-billing side
as well,
which comes under some client onboarding,
changing information,
but I don't know whether there's any
additional activity that you do.
On the on any of the portals that we need
to capture.
Think that your activity is just rates,
client, client creation, client change,
time and keeper rates invoice.
Right.
We do have to do some matter.
Some other admin in the portal,
so they were tracking have to submit
status for this project.
So I don't think we have any processes
that maybe we can capture. Yeah,
that's admin. Yeah,
that would be triggered for me.
Let me trigger still 50% of the like.
The notification, yeah,
where it'll be from.
So I'm not sure it's going.
Can you can you do this?
So that could be through a request and is
that map, would that come under my cell?
But would that be covered by a separate
team or that that comes into you as well?
Yeah, OK, on the NPO just now, Lauren.
Matter admins on the NPO.
No,
I think that's why it will not be there.
Yeah,
that's why I think it's one of those
processes that you can come down to
queries. OK,
that's maybe a good point actually still
to be queries queries and have everybody
deal with those. Yeah, OK, yeah,
across the board, have a quick break,
pull up that complex process and then
we'll work on them and they come into
queries.
Is that Sue? Yeah. Yeah. Quick, quick.
And three and two or three, three, three,
three. We haven't got time.
Back at 3:00.
Yeah.
OK.
I think it's 16511.
Was it your NTL process?
Are you serious?
If you go under the is it in the the
shared area? It's in the shared area,
complex folder.
They could test me whether it was 165.
There is a 165 or one in there.
Who is that? Yeah,
you could be a satellite.
There you go, this one.
Yeah, it's the school perhaps. Oh, right.
I've never been in here before.
You're not looking at this period,
not this one.
I looked through some of the complex ones,
but you know we'd go through it here.
It might be,
but you've already done what they said.
This is kind of loaded and then you've
got the rejections,
which is the book category,
the different rejections on them.
All right, yeah,
so it might be as simple as that
rejection.
Receive rejection assigned.
Can you see it better on that?
I can timekeeper rates incorrect billing.
Yeah, it looks like it.
But you think the the happy path is same
as well.
That's fine. That's fine. Yeah,
it looks like it. Yeah,
not bad for a complex.
Yeah. So I've been pasting.
I've already rolled.
I've been taken as a whole.
I've been broken out, haven't I? Yeah.
So when you look at this,
that the like subcategory, it's like,
it's straightforward. Yeah,
that's what you mean.
Do you want a charge? Are you OK?
15 minutes. There is one charge.
So I switch around.
Yeah, I'm just going to the house, yes.
Was it the right one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, sorry, the number.
I thought you meant the. No, I'm not sure.
What was the number you thought 165.11?
Yeah, that's what it is. Subcategories.
That's good to make them perfectly in
order.
Thanks.
No, I'm OK. Thanks.
I might do in a second.
I'm just gonna then consolidate all those.
E billing ones in to manage. Yeah, great.
Yeah, well done.
Oh, I see. Yeah.
But you're getting into the the flow with
them. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Fantastic. OK.
I don't think.
I was thinking that's good budget.
So that's I mean all, all,
all we have to do is make it capability
itself. It's how do you,
how do we close that,
people who initiate it?
But this is an opportunity to talk to and
it seems like one of the.
I mean,
it's not like a thing you can do
everything.
Yeah, it has something like this.
It's not something that's.
That's what.
Was everyone doing it going on?
Doesn't that review like review?
Yes, that's that's a. That's really clear.
I go back to the system that's getting it,
but it should be.
It's a new version of three.
That's the only thing again,
the new version of 3E,
the biller arrangement,
they're raising the involves,
they look at the projects and if it's
already in the system,
they will plan what because our E billing
does that next year's version is 2027.
That's your bill. It's in fact, he's.
I'm seeing that you're definitely.
So you have somebody to say.
I think this is the only point that the
guys are having to go through that sort
of stuff.
It means it can be close space for
something. Exactly.
So now it's just back to them.
Is that it's exactly gone's point.
She can then take that to J.
Does that all come about in the next year
or included in the?
It's more rules than the other.
That's good. My so much is involved.
Absolutely, yeah.
And so he's got a lot of requirements to
be selling. Thank you.
It's all done by Claude.
So what's what we need to comment?
Like, right. Check.
Terms, I think.
Thank you.
Sorry, what do you say? What do you say?
Yeah, I'm good.
I think they've deemed it non acute.
I don't know what it has been,
but now it is. Look, it's good.
Everyone's in the room.
We just with our business.
To do it, which you look,
that's my headstone in the grounds.
That was more than last,
but now we need some.
That cemetery. Yes, and not the giraffe.
Thank you.
Let me show this is what it looks like in
my inbox.
Because when Mark reminds me about the
lengths that we still have hundreds of
pounds that you don't even allow one to
anything,
a balance or useful activity and it
sounds very similar to the notification.
And sometimes when this.
As they come into your inbox or in the
inbox that you I can see.
Plus,
we're just looking at all the
notifications. Oh, fantastic. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh, OK. So that's my dashboard,
in other words. OK, so that's mine.
That's how many cases I saw,
how many as soon as we got to work on the
progress,
that would be an unmade journal that
would be, you know,
that somebody's that's been finalized to
the line to have a look at, but yeah,
and that's all the cases that was
currently sitting.
And then I can sort of be able to retray
and I can check.
So if you want to see all you can,
you can see all that. So yeah,
at the moment there's 38 emails that
needs to be assigned and then the rest of
them is like that one's just approved so.
So need to go in there.
Normally the invoice number,
they they're busy with a clue.
So this is a clue notifications that we
don't actually need,
but there would be an invoice number on
there. And yeah,
that's a clue because it's a bit.
It's just, you know, you know, yeah,
I think that at least I suppose,
which was an application.
So obviously it wasn't done sometimes.
And then just so they would be an invoice
number and then you would take the
invoice and you're going to see and use
that ticket number and mark it as an
approved and then assign it as an
approval and then close the ticket. OK,
yeah, still going to three, yeah, yeah.
So we go to.
Yeah, I'm still.
What? What point? That point's.
OK,
so I'm going to just assume that
somebody's done it or we would be.
We were just looking to change someone's
done the checklist because you don't get
the minutes on boarding uploads.
So useful that's checklist.
We can pop that as well.
It's very anxiously. It's to show us. Yes,
that's true.
They want it as simple as clean as
possible,
so I'm quite conscious of that activity
that yeah, rather than if it adds to that,
if it's just.
You know, you can try. I'll try anyways.
Yes. So at the moment,
I'm just flexing today and another
returns. I said, like, we see.
I can't see at all what it's about.
We don't see the China.
I can't see anything.
So I literally need to open it.
Right. It takes, but it takes this time.
And then yeah,
it's attachments that I know to go.
So just like these are the waiting for,
it's more information.
So that's an e-mail that came in. Yeah,
but I use it as a demo too. Yes,
it's what I need to open.
I'm going to take going to and then I'll
take December, then go to my sister.
Yes,
I would make a note of it at the bottom.
Please upload it and then I would say
please upload it and then whoever's
uploaded it's the responsible people his
name and then the news from.
Us to pay the control and give a
notification of this loser passing
registered as date approved and we also
put it to the end and we would do exactly
the same for a rejection.
Do you approve that? Yes, we can have.
We can add it and we can have different
forms,
but the report we asked for the last one,
so I don't know where it's rejected.
Yeah, it's beautiful. Yeah, it's.
Thank you.
It looks out of the other side and then
message. Yeah, yeah. I just have a little.
I just have a little.
Yeah, you're tracking that one.
It's nice to see if somebody's come back
on a SQL TV, you know,
because somebody will see that pop up.
Most of the.
You know, exactly, but it was like,
but it was, you know, like the same,
you know, like the same morning. Oh,
we need to subscribe and then that's.
Is it just?
Well, that's so like, it's like,
it's like, it's like, it's like,
it's like they will be one or two of you.
So it's a very good question and that's
really probably the point.
It's like in the rotate. I didn't take.
Yeah, it's just otherwise in both classes.
So that's when you buy this,
then we'll be able to then we'll take the
slides.
So then we manage is then the next thing
that he's want to take.
It's possible to see. Yes,
the emails was scammed.
It's on everything. It's the first one.
It's not. It's not.
I want to.
I'm confident that it's never a challenge.
Yeah. So it's not. Sorry. Yeah.
So it's possible in morning.
I think this is a separate equation.
So I tell them we'll take the three
things that goes.
So I just got an e-mail.
I'm just looking at it like that.
So that's why we didn't upgrad.
I think it's fine.
You can get that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we need,
I think it's Friday, July.
I think it's not explained to you,
but it's not. I mean, it's.
Can you read that?
It's a little bit blurred on mine as well.
OK.
It's quick.
To submit. So I think we have. Yeah,
Tim thinks it's covered as well.
It looks like we've covered it.
And then on the rejection part is the
same, but these there's some reasons here,
which is good for us.
Yeah, I see non compliant with.
But these are just these are. Yeah,
these are just reasons. Yeah, exactly.
And there's some logic here. The reasons.
Yeah. Yeah, I've seen this the other day.
Oh, right. Yeah, I had.
Remembered that when I've gone,
I was thinking, sure,
that's part of the managing voice,
but I want to do all the managing and
then part that that's it was covered.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So it'll be a quick one to cover,
but I've got.
Bearing. Bearing. Billing query.
Billing query on this list.
Is it not on this list?
Link query the 39 on that and.
OK.
I mean it. I can't. Why? If it count,
it should be. It should be 39 processes.
Yeah,
I don't know where there's where there's
one extra. Maybe one has fully duplicated.
I'm not sure.
But but there's no building query there.
So where was that ever on the master
process list?
I think we can maybe it was checked,
but there was part of the query.
So maybe just on the master evening,
if you can. Uh, Oh yeah, sorry. Yeah, um,
Would.
really quick look.
Let me go, let me scroll to the left.
Yeah, a SEC. Oh, yeah, that. Yeah,
the guys on the phone will do.
I'll just let them know that we can do it
now. Just returning now in a second, guys.
Yeah, no worries. Thanks.
Usage fee, invoice rejection,
admin rights, admin rights. Yeah.
So I don't know where I got that from. Oh,
I can see.
Is that just because of the maybe the
e-billing query? Maybe that's for me.
It's queries of admin.
It does ring a bell. Yeah, it must be.
OK, well,
it doesn't matter because we're going to
talk about it anyway, yeah.
Well,
the the category two in the on the no the
other way. Sorry, going, yeah,
but I did a control F and it didn't find
it anyway, so it's not behind some built.
I mean, it's not in this whole list.
But it might be behind a filter.
But how do I get the filters off? No,
I just took everything was just you
billing on your sheet. Yeah. Oh yeah,
yeah, yeah. Don't say billing. OK, well,
we'll talk around it anyway.
Yeah, we'll get back into it.
It's the process 165. Yeah,
we're just gonna cover it off as part of
that, right? That's the one we're to.
I.
OK. Yeah,
as part of your landscape of the as is,
there was one or two processes here and
you know I think 16511 that needed some
additional clarification.
But actually I did it in this audio where
we went through managing voice,
upload invoice for a reason that I
thought it actually having looked at it,
it would probably fall out that we've
covered it and you can see if I made this
upload via auto submit.
So I don't think having a look at it.
Unless you disagree that there's nothing
additional to cover in this process and
actually it is handled by the high level
managing voice service. I'd recommend it.
It's the same same plug, yes.
Yeah, yeah.
And the reasons for rejection very fast,
Mark,
and I can see you can see it on here that
you've got different reasons and we can
capture them on here, so.
I think based on what we've discussed and
what we've captured,
there's such a process that probably
needs workshopping.
I think in that way because we sort of
workshopped it and inferred that this is
how we would land.
So hopefully you're in a green week that
that's been covered. Yeah, we also submit.
Yeah, perfect. Perfect outcome. Yeah,
single process. I know the number.
It won't always be that that simple Babs.
And then I suppose,
although it's not on the year in the back
of my mind,
happened in the past and I think that
might follow across billing admin,
there was some other happening.
So based on that, there's probably query.
Masaratman.
Yes, so Brian Adman.
And some of that comes from some of the
processes that we're picking up with
correction detection.
So you've got client admin,
invoice admin and matter admin as a
subsections of these services that we've
already.
Discards, would you say,
although in addition to.
In addition to in the way in which they,
so how they're triggered,
I suppose that's probably a good place to
start is how they get raised,
why they get raised and who raises them.
So we can we can raise something there's
a.
Admin service.
That's part of even that we can recommend.
Admin service kind of the the general
query around the topic. Yeah, OK.
And that's not in this this list
originally, is it? It's not.
It hasn't got an MPL.
And you have like a invoice query,
a timekeeper query.
You have it say it like that.
It's just clear with this.
Right. OK. Have you got the map?
Can you show it? No, it is.
Was it in the I manage? Is that I manage,
right? Tim,
was that one of the ones that was loaded?
OK, and it will be fine.
I'll be something. Yeah, you.
OK. Oh,
so I have to find the sort of trigger
points for those.
So you're coming from the portal,
I guess in terms of admin where we have
to submit budget and anticipate it.
Really.
Can everyone hear on the call? Sorry,
should we should we get a mic?
We we can. I can hear you and Josh.
There's some other,
OK. Yeah, the mic,
just so that you can pick it up or maybe
some of the other team slightly low.
the one that one's probably done this for
group.
We'll see if you can just hold that.
We'll turn that meeting up.
Is it working OK? Yeah, let's see.
Oh, and I can see answer in general,
is that? Yeah, that would be him.
So there's a race in the world one,
but actually looks like it was created on
the 11th of June 2025.
It was like PE have done it,
so it looks like Inaki's done it.
For the rest of the world.
And then there's another one for Oz,
which is, let me tell you, the same date.
I don't know if it's been amended.
Have you been working with PE on anything?
No.
Change. Let me just check the first tab.
What was it called, Mel? Sorry,
it's called answering general queries.
There's one for Oz and then there's one
for rest of the world.
I don't know if there's just maybe been
an update to it because on like the first
page it says it's got your name.
Minutes the 17th of February 2023.
That sound more right?
Says approved verbally in workshops.
OK.
So coming to it.
I suppose it's just a general query when
it's maybe just good to understand what
kind of general queries you get through
and we can maybe work from there. Yeah,
exactly. So what's the triggers?
Where do they start? How to do that?
There's a lot on this map that says that.
It's got like invoice status updates,
requests for e-billing matter IDs,
requesting client e-billing requirements,
W8 forms,
submitting matter budgets to portal
client requesting PDF,
asking a client is e-billing and then
client request bank details information.
Does that sound right? Yeah.
Hmm.
Mhm.
So some of them that that's pre-activity
of client on board.
Is there some pre-activity or they all
post activity?
I suppose some of them are like,
is this client on board?
Is this client people in that?
Brilliant.
So part of the pre then if we can get
another job,
these are all our clients that we've got
on boarded because we've got a
requirement spreadsheet that has every
client we've on boarded,
what they need for their interest to be
accepted.
Biggest reference to that rather than
sending us.
I think when we talked about queries
through the people workshops last week,
we were just agreeing that there would be
one query request portal form for example.
Yep.
And and that would come in. Mark,
can you keep me right around what we
agreed on that?
Yeah,
I was just going to jump in and say the
same thing.
You'd have a single one with various with
pick lists, but where possible,
if there are knowledge collateral which
would save them needing to obviously
raise it,
you'd you'd obviously try to route them
to that knowledge.
And then if it's helpful,
they see that if it's then they can raise
presumably a further query mark.
Is that what you're saying on the back of
that?
It's a it roots into a knowledge article
Sorry, say that again.
based on their query and if it's still
unanswered, they can then raise.
Yes. So, So what we would,
what we would want to achieve is that
they either search that if they don't
actively search for the knowledge and see
it as they're raising the query,
we would want to be presenting knowledge
Yeah.
collateral associated with it so that
they could click on that without having
to even submit it potentially.
And then if they still want to submit it,
you know,
they they can obviously put that through
to the team to then support.
But what you do want them to do is to
give you, you know,
to maybe help them with some sort of
categorisation to their query because
then again depending on.
You know the skill set or what they're
asking.
You might route it to different personnel
within the team.
Yeah,
is is Mark is that through ITSM Pro we
can do that intelligent searching in KBS.
Um, I'm not sure. I I'd have to um.
Searching, searching is going to be there.
Josh doesn't matter.
I think we have we have the right
licensing for searching every AI search
Yeah.
is enabled throughout the platform.
It.
Great.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
And just the knowledge articles is a
really good point.
Yeah.
We were just talking about that in the
break.
We probably haven't discussed anything
for these guys,
knowledge articles wise and how we want
to capture that stuff.
Would you guys get any thoughts on how
you want to do that? Oh,
there is a template we want to want to
share. Yeah, capturing.
Because you'll have some documents
already, Lauren, won't you?
So we'll just maybe do a collation of
that and see how we can interpret it.
It would be good just to deal with it the
same ways we're dealing with it for all
of us. So we take a look at those.
Do you want to upload these to the teams?
Yes,
I'll put them in there and then we can
analyse them.
That's a part of the knowledge, yeah,
and that one.
Thank you.
I'll also add that to this list. Yes,
Josh, that need, sorry Josh,
just quickly we this is where we as a
Mark.
collective need to sort of join up with
the,
you know the sort of enterprise view of
knowledge. So what Hannah's doing,
you know what the IT team are doing,
anything that you need that you're doing
that maybe is client facing as.
As to internally facing,
making sure we brand it all consistently
and things like that.
So we just need to make sure we're
rounding up with Hannah and the crew.
Yeah, sure. Yeah,
we can collect textual content for them.
Cool.
They align on that that side of things.
OK, queries. Yep, around the query point.
I'll take notes to add to this this,
but it will be building on that general
query.
OK. I think, yeah, processes, high volume,
discussion points, triggers, etcetera.
We've got a lot captured today.
So thank you. Yeah,
I think there's just a couple of quick
things we wanted to to go through after
that. But yeah, that is the bulk,
absolutely.
1st is prioritisation.
So as I said at the start,
we can only fit X amount of highly
automated mature processes or services in
in the time period.
So I just wanted to kind of gather
thoughts on what we thought would be the
most impactful if we could fully automate.
We've already gathered,
we've already gathered the volumes.
We've got volumetrics here.
Let's move to this one.
So obviously super heavy on the manage
invoice. Yeah,
that not sure that's completely.
Completely right,
but a good point is in the right
direction. Well, that will be the sorry,
what are you talking about?
How much is that yearly or monthly? Uh,
I believe that's monthly from the.
From the from the spreadsheet I saw,
could that be correcting I've I've
aggregated.
Monthly.
OK, yeah, I just aggregated a bunch.
Josh, I thought it was over. Josh,
if it's the one that we both saw,
I think it was over 8 weeks.
Oh, was it? OK, very good.
I think it was an 8 week reporting cycle.
Again, check me if I'm wrong on that,
but it I mean equally it's the target
volume, so regardless of.
Yeah, the the,
the actual number is less important.
It's more the the idea of that's a very,
very whole heavy volume service that's
used and then that manage invoice piece.
So a lot of that will be your portal
notifications that's driving that up or
is that?
Does that look great from an invoice
number? In terms of invoices,
we upload about 800 to 1200 per month
currently depending on the time of the
year.
There were a lot around rejects invoice,
so I think it's each of your 22.
Processes, there were lots of numbers.
So you know,
I think it actually came in maybe two
mailboxes.
I think it was lots of and then rest of
the world we had three.
I think it was the highest volume.
Of activities across the financial web
streams per month.
So that highlights that even further than
it is the high volume activity.
There's probably some dividing down on
that one perhaps,
but but the the point remains,
it's a very, very heavy volume.
And the others less so.
So five client onboardings per month,
could that be correct or something like
that? OK, so that's volume.
And then on the value front,
we've kind of estimated what we what we
think if we could automate this,
how impactful would that be?
For you guys. So things like query,
like it's kind of hard to automate
because you have to actually look through
it and answer it, etcetera.
But things like managing invoice,
if we could, then it'd be very impactful.
So if you just look at where they've
landed and we basically have to do this
across us,
so we'll end up with a list of the most.
Impactful things that we can focus on and
prioritize.
So the top managed invoice with a very
high number there,
it's just multiplied together.
Does this order kind of make sense to you
manage invoice?
Most impactful if we could automate
client accruals down to billing query at
the bottom.
This one is marked in red because we're
going to we've got a parking lot item on
that one.
But would you want to switch any of these
round? Are we off here with our numbers?
At ordering.
Seems to roughly make sense.
Just a rough idea.
That's what the timing is already doing a
lot of automation as much as we can
without finding the rates,
without thought. Oh, OK, yeah.
OK.
All right. And so it's just a quick,
quick exercise and then when we get to
the end of all the work streams,
we'll have a view on what's the priority
for auto automation and and impacts there.
But that's all. This is a very quick one.
We wanted to run a few ideas of what we
thought impactful.
Reports could be.
We just saw some some good dashboards
there that was that were useful,
but these are perhaps some some ideas
around what we could run for for reports.
Please have a look through.
So you might expect ticket volume and
aging report.
By type.
Because.
The higher value ones and all that
dialogue today, we've got, you know,
a few dashboard activities that will help
drive that activity which we've captured.
I'm seeing.
There's a couple of no,
I was just going to say one of the things
we need to think about on this one was
not only dashboards for the operational
teams, yeah, the teams doing the work,
but also some of those dashboards that
will help the leadership manage some of
the upstream.
Shifts in terms of behaviour or focus
perhaps and things like that.
So there's there's it might be worth
splitting this out to operational
dashboards and dashboards and MI for
leadership type stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, just on that part, Mark,
I would agree with you.
If we look at it from a different angle,
even from those that send requests
through to us,
the biggest probably query will be what's
the status of my.
Bill. So anything that helps a PE look at,
I've got five partners,
what are the state of all the bills that
are sitting?
Yeah.
Potentially in the team and we could go
wider than just the e-billing team, right,
because it could be with rates for
instance.
So I would just something for us to think
about when we go into some of the other
Yeah.
Well, exactly.
And that's kind of where I was thinking
workshops.
because we'd built it out right over a
number of the, you know, the heavy,
as I say,
sort of the heavy disciplines where
you're getting, you know, a lot of,
you know, a lot of quick. Well,
let's put it this way,
a lot of the disciplines we're providing
proactive management MI.
Could ease some of your response demand
would be a solid way of working forward
because you can not only give them Intel,
but you can also highlight you know your
areas raising this much or whatever you
know.
So some of those things you know you're
sending X amount of emails this month as
opposed to.
Y month or whatever, you know,
certain things that could help help steer
the behaviors that we want in a proactive,
positive way.
So I guess the question to you is what
would help the PES?
Or the partners who raise queries with us?
What?
What visibility could we give them that
would help you and your team do their job?
So it goes like, you know,
this isn't for Justice Labour.
You've got answering the questions that
you get most asked. Where is it?
How quick is it? When is it coming?
Is it done?
I'm applying in spreadsheet.
Is this client e-billing?
That's a question we're asked a lot of
time.
So it's on my invoice. Yes,
they can track that themselves if they go
into three and see our comments,
but they don't do that.
So that's a common one that we have a
look back and forth, but they can do that.
They can, they can do that themselves,
yeah.
But we tried to roll out and give me that
information.
That I oh, actually, that's interesting.
I when they send an e-mail to us,
it sends.
There is an e-mail that tells them if you
want to see your status of you.
If you're checking your status,
this run this report and it will show you.
It's quick to ask,
presumably in the behavioural.
Yeah, there is.
But this, this mirrors, sorry team,
this kind of mirrors some of what the HR
folks were saying about, you know,
the not how should I say the reticence of
self-helping.
It's easier to chivy and and this is
OK.
again telling for us that maybe in the
organizational change shift.
That that's required to say,
actually guys,
the amount of failure demand that you
draw because you don't help yourselves,
you know,
cost the organisation X or something.
You know,
it's that beginning to do that
positioning piece with data rather than
just, you know what we perceive.
It'll be nice to back it with some data.
To show that anyway,
it's just something to think about in
terms of alternative dashboarding for the
benefit of, you know,
leadership choices and conversations.
And that would help.
I have a monthly catch up with our
operations manager who's basically like
looks after the London PES.
So it'd be a good opportunity if I had
that information to feed it back and be
like this PE has asked the question for
the last three months.
They've had the same information, yes.
So I can break that behaviour. Yeah,
it's those insights that we're saying
Yeah, exactly.
that you can give back for that
organisational change and behaviours and
habits.
And you said they they could do it,
but they don't because it's easier for
for them it feels good as well.
Yes, we can have, you know,
your day-to-day numbers,
outstanding SMAS tasks,
all that can be displayed.
Yep.
We cause analysis,
you know things for rejection rates or
rejection rates going down every month.
You know we can track that,
but that's lots of information that you
can start to display.
We got reasons in there as well if we.
I think Mark alluded to it.
This is your day-to-day activity plus you
can have some post activity reporting
comments.
That's helpful. Thank you.
OK,
it's a place to place to start and to
move on the I think the final bit really
and it's it's more for information.
This is what we're starting to populate
for user stories based on what we've
gathered today.
So we've gathered all the information,
we're able to start talking about what
the.
What the setup should be and this has got
with the language that we're driving into
a service,
you know as e-billing we do this so that
you can do that to an aid this is that
type of language that we want to to get
to. So it's very service orientated.
And over the next post workshops,
we'll take all these discussions today to
put them into this sort of structure
through your onboarding and awarding
homekeeper invoice and you'll get this
feed like this with the.
Assignment groups as well,
sort of growing those stories as a
service. Yeah,
I took a stab at some of them. Anyways,
you can probably use speed read them,
but that's the sort of language that
we'll be using as part of the service.
This is the same format as we're going to
be receiving for ask people as well.
You're good to get the same. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I took the same.
We took the same as a consolidated.
First time seeing that. Oh, OK.
Yep. And finally, finally,
so we've got in a couple of weeks the
SLAS workshop that's a couple of hours
with finance broadly and we'll look at
the standard SLAS,
how we're going to manage that and then
we'll talk integrations as well.
We spoke a little bit about it,
but we need to.
Deep dive into what's the what's the best
thing to do, what's possible to do,
etcetera, etcetera.
So we look forward to those. But for now,
that's it. I think we're all happy. Yeah.
Yeah. Excellent.
Thank you very much for all of that.
See.
Hope you got time, yeah.
All right. So the one. OK,
did you see the bottom?
I haven't seen the bottom of the boards.
Yeah, that was great.
That was the other thing I was going to
see. I just won't see it for the ball.
Yeah, for the balls.
I said that's the ball.
I'm just going to see it.
So it's the checking of the you want me
to jump on the call and I can share.
Sorry, Josh, what are we?
What are we moving on to now?
It just it's not a bug.
We are doing something, Ma.
OK, I'll wait. I'll wait.
It went quiet and I was like, oh,
Good.
are we done or are we not done?
What are we doing?
No,
Lauren's gonna show us how the the bot
works.
She's gonna share screen in a in a moment,
Ah, very good.
yeah.
OK.
Because we're taking two sets of data.
We'll take that three e-data that we
pulled out and then we also extracted our
timekeeps already existing within our
portals, so to that three data.
Extremely slow. So clear name,
client name shows a matter,
the timekeeper, ID, their individual,
their name, their rank, so.
Training, the date that they logged,
the time,
the date worked and there's the data.
So the time card currency.
So what currency they're looking in the
hours, the work rate.
So that's the the grade rate and then
we've got the standard rate, so.
What's the reference standard?
And have been.
Mhm.
The data that we extracted from the
portal to the legal franc up.
So his stuff I was got multiple tasks
with him.
So at the bottom here we've got all our
clients that we've got.
The rates also they're extracted per
client. So this will show name, ID,
their approved rate,
the date it's expected from.
So that comes into place.
A lot of our our rates change on the 1st
of May and everyone gets promoted as well.
So you need to put that date in.
That will then avoid the previous rates
that are in the system as well.
So that is very important to make sure
we're putting that in correctly.
It's then got the currency that is in
country, how many,
the classification and the years post
qualification.
So they'll be submitted on each tab from
different clients.
Please take both of those two documents.
This is my fault.
And.
Selects the portal. What we're doing.
So we've got collaborating.
Log in.
It's easy when I go to screen.
the data.
So that would be the tracker data.
It's reading data.
It's been and it does its thing.
The reports then come in to show up and
it will create an individual ticket for
individual report per client on that
spreadsheet.
So then it will tell us the difference in
validations of like this rate is
incorrect or you this rate is 400 they're
now 550 you need to update it or.
So this person's the trainee and now
their title's an associate.
It will fix if there's any name changes.
So it's quite helpful people changing
their names. Yeah, once you click on one,
one ticket per client.
Oh, OK.
Takes a while for it to come through.
Maybe a couple of minutes.
So once I get the final.
It's just to deal with all building rate
changes that have occurred because of
like rate grade changes or rate.
Incorrect. What's in the portal here?
Yeah.
Did those spreadsheets have like on the
original contrast at all? Yeah.
Was that hundreds of rows per tab?
Thousands of rows? Hundreds.
These are not too bad.
It says listening.
492 All right, we have.
That's going to lame if we're looking at
like Goldman Sachs,
which is every single office we have.
About 3000,
four thousand lines of data coming out of
that portal rates.
So it's a lot to check and we have about
100 to 200 rates.
Dion is working on those that client per
month.
So to validate that for yourself is, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
Many tickets would that normally be if
you think the example you've got here
long where you're saying there's 400
lines,
it's evaluating and telling us what the
potential rejections are,
how many tickets are being created.
Roughly.
On average.
I think in terms of these Goldman Sachs
is our place to charge because that's the
first one we've done,
which are about 20 to 40 invoices per
month and I'd say about 2015 to 20
rejected.
That's reduced it down by having this
process with reducing our rejection
management rate by like 90 hours per year,
just by having this new place.
So how many rejections on like less than
going that high to one or two? Yeah,
it'll go down to like two to four a month.
Yeah. So we've done the next branch,
which is.
Legal tracker.
So that was about 250 we saved hours
management rejections.
So that by focusing heavily on these
upstream processes, rejection rates,
capturing reasons for rejection because
most of this time won't get billed until
the end of this year,
so if we're doing it now.
While we've got a little bit of space,
then it's going to save us in the.
What's it about?
Do you know what it's built?
Is it Microsoft? Oh, I didn't know.
Can I just sorry,
can I just check that Excel sheet?
What is the source of that sheet again?
Sorry, I might have missed it.
Is it the client portals or is it some
other system?
We've got two,
so it'll be one from extracted from the
client portal,
one will be extracted from three E.
Three. Got it.
And then you import them into into show L
as you're doing well to create this.
Put it into automation anywhere.
It does a validation and then the reports
come in to show them. Sorry.
So automation anywhere.
So so when you clicked on that button
because I could I could recognize the the
orange lines.
So is is Shovel allow connected to the
automation anywhere to automate this
import?
It well sends the reports to an e-mail,
so this will just send it just sends it
to e-mail in team which is on our show.
So it will automatically create a ticket
from the mailbox.
Got it.
But you have to attach it manually still,
right? It does does not do automatically.
It still has to be got it.
No, I didn't. Yeah,
we might need to explain that. Oh,
because.
And the ticket and the tickets are
literally just to do to fix or go in and
Mhm.
2.
amend.
To check. So what was your?
To check, yeah, so they're triggered.
They're they're an action ticket to say
go and amend, correct,
whatever as a result of what it's found.
This will be the file and then wipe me
out.
It tells us this one when you've got the
leveling I think is we need to look at
that. Yeah,
actually the engineers tell us what's
wrong. So I'll keep those made right.
So this one the rate is so the portals
Uh, yeah. Yeah. OK, Yep.
are 15 but.
This now they're charging 460,
so we're gonna have to update that in my
must have matriculated.
All the rates have changed.
And then again,
this time has got the rate and then he's
going to say 3 E rate 315, also rate 220.
Yeah.
And these validations,
are they built in Shervin or are they
done by automation anywhere the
validations around?
They're done by,
they're done by automation anywhere.
So again it come from so it could look
and be like, no,
Got it.
this isn't a training rate,
that's incorrect.
It then triggers us still in to the EE.
We can switch around and be like what's
going on with this rate?
Has this been done correctly?
Can help in the long term instead of us
having to reissue invoices that have got
OK.
the wrong rates. We had one.
It was for one of our banking clients.
The rate was three,
no 665 and we were putting it in and the
client was like, no, this is wrong,
it should be 655.
So it's just picking up little things
like that and that stopped it before the
bill even came through.
It was picked up from this process. Yeah,
and see if the one's timekeeper has no
rates in meta portal.
Are you then putting the rate from those
columns on the left or are you taking it
from 3D?
We're taking it from this report,
so we'll look at that and then go in and
I can just put it on to the form.
We'll just do a quick sense check.
So I normally just go through and make
sure the rates are matching the rate
cards and then send it on to the team to
upload.
And then they'll do their check as well
to make sure because they're more closer
to the the data will be like, Oh no,
this one's on a matter exception,
so they don't need to match up.
But as we've said,
you know the time of mobile and rates
management service that we're suggesting
you get these rates matters, upload them.
There's a lot of activities we said that
you can do in order to get this error
rate down as well,
but this is proactive as you said time.
If they were, you know,
you'll review professional development
reviews when your bonuses and your
increases and your rates probably go up.
It's just managing it during those times.
That's very good. Thank you. Indeed.
Sorry, Lauren, this is monthly, isn't it?
We try and do it twice a month.
We do it once this month because it's up
here.
So we just need that automation anywhere.
Is that what it's called? Yep.
So we've got subscriptions for that.
So we have one people to be able to just
replicate Casey's then and ServiceNow.
That's what we're looking for. Yeah,
for that data.
Yeah, yeah.
That's good. Yeah. OK.
I'd like to see my baby.
This is what we would like to put as
knowledge.
I think you're gonna show me check this
as well with your matrix.
OK.
I need the tracker. I need the tracker.
See, it stopped, right?
So this is our client requirements.
It has been item is listed.
It then goes into the client with it went
to the separate entities within the
client as well.
No, we need to report you to the MSA,
whether they're mandatory,
whether we can do our generic ones.
It's then got billing data as well.
So this is shared with all of our billing
teams, our original finance services,
so they know exactly how to create
invoices that are going to be compliant
with these.
Clients.
We've also got whether they require a
matter ID.
We put in what the client uses it in
their terms.
So if it's a matter ID and LMN number and
tracker ID,
we try and keep it as specific for them.
We don't want any client specifics,
so if it's monthly billing cycles,
yearly billing cycles, the other stuff.
Then if the client needs to be a detailed
PDF or they will accept it just as a
front page, this is your fee amount.
We then have chargeable disbursements.
So some clients will only like what they
call hard disbursements, so council fees.
Search fees. They won't pay for travel,
meals, printing, things like that,
phone calls.
We've got the ego of who manages the
clients and go to Rest World Pay back
submission type. That's Leeds PDF.
And make sure requirements are any notes
that we have that helps us with our
uploads and then on the chart as well.
So not all of this information go in.
So we'd like probably like to hide the
responsible legal,
but the submission type when we
distribute it out,
we take those columns out because we
don't need.
Otherwise we're going to have in in
inundated from the business direct
messaging, but this is what we show.
So you currently manage this.
How often is it updated as we go as we
get more information?
Clients change all the time,
so one month we can do it fine.
Next month they'll be like no,
we're changed to monthly billing cycles
or yeah, we're fine doing a PDF. No,
we want details so it gets updated.
We try and share it on a monthly basis
with the teams.
We have got a e-mail in Teams channel
which I like to try and keep it updated
as much as possible.
Drop in number to have it on a knowledge
page would be really helpful just to have
it in that one place.
I don't have to keep remembering who
needs it, who's got it,
who's got the most recent version.
So we probably just need to understand
the groups of who need to see that
information and and there will be an
overarching process, so there'll be an.
Prize knowledge manager that's recruited
for ServiceNow for the knowledge
management tool and updating the content
etcetera.
The process around how that happens may
change slightly in terms of when you've
got updates,
you might need to pass them on to be
updated in the system.
But that is something that we can manage.
So we'd probably just need to capture
some requirements to see it.
Want it type thing or if you want it
popping up with a particular request,
etcetera.
That that losing question is that how
often we can play all of these because it
could be weekly.
It's going to be too much. Yeah,
but it's the ownership of the actual
knowledge article can still be with
yourself and the team,
so it doesn't have to.
It's something just what the enterprise
knowledge management will set the
standards,
potentially build approval workflows in
there, governs how that process is done,
but you can still own that.
And then publishing those.
I'll base the article can still be
resolved.
It just needs to align to set standards
there that we were going to be saying.
This is our tracker. Oh,
there's a hand up.
Can I just sorry,
just on the previous sheet which was
having the billing details and the client
details, did I understand correctly?
OK.
It's a fully man fully manually managed
sheet.
It does not get fed from any other
platforms.
Yes, no,
this is completely absolutely that is
from resource from getting the clients
OCG and from us just working the cases
So.
and the things that we find along the way
because most of the time we don't get the
information.
So this must be very must be quite hard,
right? I mean,
if you get a new new client for Ashest,
how would you know if if the client has
been onboarded?
Do you get an e-mail and then you update
the sheet saying, oh by the way,
we call this new client,
We normally do.
It was part of our boarding process.
let's add it in here.
It must have been added to the CRM.
It will be to update this document and
then share it out again.
OK.
Right. And then combine.
We combine that with three billing set up
Mhm.
as well to create this this sheet. OK,
thank you.
Can we take that away as well?
Just have to think about this.
It's like the best. Yeah.
It's the manually on boarding process.
How we can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Because this this isn't.
It was right at the beginning when we had
80 clients having 450 try to manage.
This is it's growing arms and legs and
I'm like, I can't. I can't anymore.
I said you get standard language,
which of the columns, you know,
there's free text. Yeah, yeah,
I I put that action as part of.
OK. Thank you. Next meeting is,
is that dashboard that we've got that we
around?
So it just shows the weekly stats could
be like to have targets, uploads,
25 to 30 invoices per people up and then
have to be monthly.
As well, what we've done,
it was a bit of friendly competition.
He gets the most gets the trophy for the
month,
then how stats tracking throughout the
month.
So how many days on average we're taking
to upload,
how many requests we've received,
how many we've uploaded.
And then the percentage of that as well.
Bottom we've got our invoices to be
uploaded.
So these are our new invoices waiting.
This data is direct from 3 E, isn't it?
It's not based on chair room. Yeah,
then got all our rejection tables and
then everything that's outstanding.
So that includes all our invoices that
we've not been able to submit.
And we track it on this one by aging
bucket as well.
So that's from when we receive it and
we're staying.
So a lot of our stuff is looking at aging,
trying to reduce this down as much as
possible.
Is is the data live or do you we update
it every morning I would we have got a BI
report that gets updated weekly.
But for the Excel with the team,
they can click into their name and see
what's with them. Yeah,
and then they can use Cheryl as a backup
to click on Megan's name, for instance.
That will give every rejection to sit
with Megan client name invoice around and
then at the end it will show us.
The rejection reasons she's got on hold
budget. This incorrect set up.
So hold on, just a chat.
We said the data's coming from 3D.
So is that free free data being put into
the spreadsheet or is it this time and
then update? OK,
because you mentioned Chair,
I was kind of saying actually, yeah,
we could do that in service now as well
because we'd know which cases you're
getting, but then.
You're loading in the data from free as
well as where I'm trying to.
I would would be stuff direct like agent,
you know we can get everything case
related and anything that's raised for
the team that they're managing as their
workload. No problem.
Well that's that's part of the cases
would be we'll be on ourselves now it's
the the other data that you're putting in
from free. That's the bit that.
At the moment helping managing it and
comments.
So how are you getting this bit though?
As in the cases that's on Cherwell,
it's the spreadsheet.
So once we receive the case,
we'll go into three,
even industry form if I can take.
So part of our queue is triaging.
So we'll just go through whatever is
sitting there and there's an upload.
They'll look at it,
know who's working on it,
assign it to that person,
update it in three. Oh, OK,
so receive data for three.
Raise a case, go back into free.
Thanks for coming.
Yes.
Yes, please. Thank you.
So we'll receive the ticket into Sherwell.
Yeah, not 3A.
They'll go down to this even in history
form, populate it.
So it'll be date received. Got it. Yeah.
And then they'll assign it to Evelyn so
it will pay.
Yeah.
in that comment.
The ticket number plays up both,
so we put the ticket in there so we can
track it. Yeah,
that's how we can track it.
If it gets rejected,
try and find the original case to try and
we need to go back to your comments down
here with your.
And what's happened? Yes,
with this one projected subject. Yes,
we've assigned it to the master team
because we're asking them to contact the
client.
So any questions?
One for us to think about it.
Figure out my solution for this.
Maybe we should have been on Monday. Yeah,
that's the one that control will get
information. Yes.
So these comments are about the one of
the credit control.
Report.
So it's the same report parameters that
we have,
but it's got different bills that they
look at.
So it'll be like instead of being an even
and they look at their portfolio because
they'll be cross overs although we do it
by find they do it by partner I believe.
OK, that's good to.
Yeah, I'm just looking.
If we can see that, yeah,
the screenshots that you've shared today
along the tops for the columns,
which we can go through for the recording,
but just like a drop down to a specific
selection.
Yeah.
I can tidy this up.
This is very slap dash.
So it'll be our clients and when with
client which Bolton there on and
locations in Brisbane or Glasgow who is
the responsible either that and the
supporting either there as well.
So we can do it more client rest of the
world.
Last paper is being split out that way.
Makes more sense or whatever.
We've got time to work on it.
May I ask me,
this is our client skills matrix.
So this is what we want. So OK, yeah,
when we're assigned in,
we'll go through and be like this time,
this person. OK, good.
Yes, definitely this one.
The out of that skills matrix will be
similar for all the other teams and it
might be more process that's down the
left hand column and what we are doing
that way.
Do you have a process one as well or is
it just per client you see that the
bottom one it's more.
I think you just let your team work more,
haven't you, my client,
rather than anything.
I suppose onboarding and of course I
don't manage my team,
but I think we can fix them up really.
Threshold ones as well, 100,000 plus.
It would still go to the same person.
So there's no,
but they just have a priority.
Privacy jump assigned to the same,
but they have a. Yeah, perfect. Yeah,
it still as the assigned Ebola is based
on skill levels.
Easy up those,
medium and more complex ones and some
more pertain is it with the team. OK,
is there somebody else approaching too?
Mm-hmm.
Time, time cards.
Did we mention that earlier?
We mentioned time cards earlier.
Just one question, Josh,
on the on the portals, sorry,
I read them.
just one question on the portals and you
you mentioned these portals are third
party managed, right?
Are these just for my information,
are these portals managed per per country
by by a third party authority where
clients have to be there if they opt for
legal services or something like that?
What are these portals?
Do other legal firms use the same portal
as well, just like I trust?
Yes. So it'll be, say,
Goldman Sachs is collaborating every time.
Every law firm that's engaging with them
will have to upload their invoices to
collaborative.
Got it. Got it. Got it. OK.
Present that to be into their payment
system and they integrate it that way,
yeah.
Yes. All right. Makes sense.
You mentioned checklist. Is that OK?
Looks like just you have as long as
everything checklist. Oh yeah,
that'd be good.
You've got all these in tickets,
haven't we on the stickies? Yeah, yeah.
Don't know where it is.
I hope it's gonna be in that.
Is this for your life check stuff? No,
this is for our on boarding.
There's a checklist. And as you say,
time keep breaks that standard as they
were formed for that so.
Title ID rates, currency.
Is that something that's almost denied,
but it's.
You'd be better speaking to Rama.
They would have that on there. Oh, OK.
They would know like they would have the
the ranks and OK, OK.
All right. I think that's everything.
Yeah. Thank you very much for that.
Oh, few follow up actions there from us.
We'll share notes and outcomes when say
we've got workshops this week, but.
Week after, Yeah, yeah.
So we can do in the meantime or
communicate on to reach out to us and do
some action.
Maybe we've got some quick wins that will
be back. Yeah,
but I think we're saying that we have
these stories.
The week commencing in November
themselves. Yeah, one of those. Yeah.
I mean, it sounds November,
but actually it's only around the corner.
So we need to clarify the actions out of
this workshop before you create those
user stories. Yes.
So we'll go through the actions.
Clarify them. Yeah,
just let us know we need to send over.
I think we're there.
We'll write up all our notes where we're
getting it from. Yeah, write up all notes,
confirm all notes and actions from today
to do that. We'll turn that round.
We should get to turn up.
We'll send normally around.
We'll have that done this week. Yeah.
Thursday and Friday will be no good. OK.
All right. It'll be very busy. I think,
yeah, that we can do. OK,
we can do that and then we'll if we get
the list.
Mel and I and Tim will kind of pull
together what we can and if we need
anything specific from you guys,
we'll reach out.
I think we just need to be made for the
following week.
It's can't be half year then, doesn't it?
This Friday, next Friday, next Friday. OK,
so we have here a lot of the finance
teams will be.
I then they won't be able to be provided,
but let's see if we can get a list,
we have to even concur. Yeah, yeah,
and stuff over, OK.
That is all from us. Yeah, very much.
OK, good job. Cool. Sign up on the call.
Thanks everyone.
Thanks guys. Good work.
Thanks everyone. Thank you.
Yes, thanks. Bye.